UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

☒ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended September 27, 2025

or

☐TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to.

Commission File Number: 001-36743

Apple Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

  California                                    94-2404110                              
  (State or other jurisdiction                  (I. R. S. Employer Identification No.)  
  One Apple Park Way                                                                    
  Cupertino, California                         95014                                   
  (Address of principal executive offices)      (Zip Code)                              

( 408 996-1010

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

  Title of each class                             Trading symbol(s)      Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share      AAPL                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.000% Notes due 2025                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.625% Notes due 2026                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  2.000% Notes due 2027                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.375% Notes due 2029                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  3.050% Notes due 2029                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.500% Notes due 2031                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  3.600% Notes due 2042                           —                      The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes☒ No☐

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes☐ No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes☒ No☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes☒ No☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

  Large accelerated filer      Accelerated filer          
  Non-accelerated filer        Smaller reporting company  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                               Emerging growth company    

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U. S. C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes☐ No☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, as of March 28, 2025, the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $ 3,253,431,000,000

14,776,353,000

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2026 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The Registrant’s definitive proxy statement will be filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

Apple Inc.

Form 10-K

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 27, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                                  Page  
  Part I                                                                                                                                
  Item 1.       Business                                                                                                             1  
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors                                                                                                         5  
  Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                                           17  
  Item 1C.      Cybersecurity                                                                                                       17  
  Item 2.       Properties                                                                                                          17  
  Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                                                                                                   18  
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                             18  
  Part II                                                                                                                               
  Item 5.       Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        19  
  Item 6.       [Reserved]                                                                                                          20  
  Item 7.       Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                               21  
  Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                          27  
  Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                                         28  
  Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                                52  
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures                                                                                             52  
  Item 9B.      Other Information                                                                                                   53  
  Item 9C.      Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                                                 53  
  Part III                                                                                                                              
  Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                                              53  
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation                                                                                              53  
  Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters                      53  
  Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                                           53  
  Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                                              53  
  Part IV                                                                                                                               
  Item 15.      Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules                                                                           54  
  Item 16.      Form 10-K Summary                                                                                                   57  

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“ Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the heading “ Business” and Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Forward-looking statements provide 
current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. For example, statements in this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of macroeconomic conditions and tariffs and other measures on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” 
“expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “ Risk Factors.” The Company assumes no obligation to revise or 
update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.

Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “ Company” and “ Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.

PART I

Item 1. Business

Company Background

The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September.

Products

iPhone

iPhone® is the Company’s line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. The iPhone line includes iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone Air™, iPhone 17, iPhone 16 and iPhone 16e.

Mac

Mac® is the Company’s line of personal computers based on its macOS® operating system. The Mac line includes laptops MacBook Air® and MacBook Pro®, as well as desktops iMac®, Mac mini®, Mac Studio® and Mac Pro®.

iPad

iPad® is the Company’s line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS® operating system. The iPad line includes iPad Pro®, iPad Air®, iPad and iPad mini®.

Wearables, Home and Accessories

Wearables includes smartwatches, wireless headphones and spatial computers. The Company’s line of smartwatches, based on its watchOS® operating system, includes Apple Watch®Series 11, Apple Watch SE®3 and Apple Watch Ultra®3. The Company’s line of wireless headphones includes AirPods®, AirPods Pro®, AirPods Max® and Beats® products. Apple Vision Pro™ is the Company’s spatial computer based on its visionOS® operating system.

Home includes Apple TV 4K®, the Company’s media streaming and gaming device based on its tvOS® operating system, and HomePod® and HomePod mini®, high-fidelity wireless smart speakers.

Accessories includes Apple-branded and third-party accessories.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 1

Services

Advertising

The Company’s advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and the Company’s own advertising platforms.

AppleCare

The Company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the AppleCare® brand. The offerings provide priority access to Apple technical support, access to the global Apple authorized service network for repair and replacement services, and in many cases additional coverage for instances of accidental damage or theft and loss, depending on the country and type of product.

Cloud Services

The Company’s cloud services store and keep customers’ content up-to-date and available across multiple Apple devices and Windows personal computers.

Digital Content

The Company operates various platforms, including the App Store®, that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games and podcasts.

The Company also offers digital content through subscription-based services, including Apple Arcade®, a game service; Apple Fitness+®, a personalized fitness service; Apple Music®, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+®, a news and magazine service; and Apple TV®, which offers exclusive original content and live sports.

Payment Services

The Company offers payment services, including Apple Card®, a co-branded credit card, and Apple Pay®, a cashless payment service.

Segments

The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia, New Zealand and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable 
segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.

Markets and Distribution

The Company’s customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. The Company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. The Company sells its services in the same markets through its various service platforms. The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular 
network carriers and other resellers, for the sale of its products and certain of its services. During 2025, the Company’s net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 40% and 60%, respectively, of total net sales.

Competition

The markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. The markets in which the Company competes are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements by 
competitors. Many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 2

The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price, product and service features (including security features), relative 
price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design and technology innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, corporate reputation, and the ability to effectively protect and enforce the Company’s intellectual property rights.

The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services. The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s 
product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as 
competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.

Supply of Components

Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and 
significant commodity pricing fluctuations. Restrictions on international trade can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them.

The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, the Company may not be able to extend or 
renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers or in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, 
further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

Research and Development

Because the industries in which the Company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of its offerings through research and development (“ R& D”), licensing of intellectual 
property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.

Intellectual Property

The Company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, software and services. This includes patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property rights in the U. S. and various foreign countries. Although the Company believes the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating its business and that its success does depend in part on such 
ownership, the Company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.

The Company regularly files patent, design, copyright and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from its hardware, software and service research, development, design and marketing, and is currently pursuing thousands of applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large portfolio of issued and registered intellectual property rights around the world. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s products and 
services. The Company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 3

In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, many of the Company’s products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the Company’s products, processes and services. While the Company has generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be obtained in the 
future on reasonable terms or at all.

Business Seasonality and Product Introductions

The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. The timing of product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel 
inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction.

Human Capital

The Company believes that its people play an important role in its success, and strives to attract, develop and retain the best talent. The Company works to create a culture of collaboration, one where people with a broad range of backgrounds and perspectives can come together to innovate and do the best work of their lives. The Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination. As of September 27, 2025, the Company 
had approximately 166,000 full-time equivalent employees.

The Company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and offers discretionary cash and equity awards to enable employees to share in the Company’s success. The Company recognizes its people are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal lives. In support of this, the Company offers a wide variety of benefits for employees around the world, including health, wellness and time 
away.

The Company invests in resources to help its people develop and achieve their career goals. The Company offers programs through Apple University on leadership, management and influence, as well as Apple culture and values. Team members can also take advantage of online classes for business, technical and personal development.

The Company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leaders helps create an open, collaborative work environment where everyone can contribute, grow and succeed. Team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and the Company conducts surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusion.

The Company is committed to the safety and security of its team members everywhere it operates. The Company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments.

Available Information

The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“ Exchange Act”), are filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor. apple. com/investor-relations/sec-filings/default. aspx when such reports 
are available on the SEC’s website. The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www. apple. com, and its investor relations website, investor. apple. com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance, and details related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into 
this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 4

Item 1A. Risk Factors

The following summarizes factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company may not be able to accurately predict, control or mitigate these risks. Statements in this section are based on the Company’s beliefs and opinions regarding matters that could materially adversely affect the Company in the future and are not representations as to whether such matters have or have not occurred 
previously. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exhaustive and should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties that the Company faces or may face in the future.

This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “ Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.

Macroeconomic and Industry Risks

The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company has international operations with sales outside the U. S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales. In addition, the Company’s global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U. S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.

Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset 
values, and other economic factors.

Uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can also have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners, and developers. Potential outcomes include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance business operations; and insolvency.

Adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Company’s trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair values of the Company’s financial instruments. These and other impacts can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 5

The Company’s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.

Political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the Company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.

The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U. S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U. S. Restrictions on
international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s business and supply chain. The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the 
components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them. Restrictive measures can also require the Company to change suppliers, restructure business relationships and operations, refrain from offering and distributing or cease to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers, and increase the prices of its products and services. Changing the Company’s business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on 
international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s business and results of operations. Trade and other international disputes can also have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Such restrictions can be announced with 
little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate any or all adverse impacts from such measures. Global supply chains can be highly concentrated, and an escalation of geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new tariffs were announced on imports to the U. S. (“ U. S. Tariffs”), including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, 
Taiwan, Vietnam and the European Union (“ EU”), among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U. S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U. S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U. S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade 
Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U. S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall
magnitude and duration of these measures. If disputes and conflicts further escalate, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive.

Many of the Company’s operations, retail stores and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. In addition, the Company’s and its suppliers’ operations, retail stores and facilities are subject to the risk of 
interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the Company’s control.

Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, increase the Company’s costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.

The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could 
in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing 
services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 6

Following any interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, incur significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company. While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage 
may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise. Any of the foregoing can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.

The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets. These markets are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. These markets are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements.

The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R& D. These investments may not achieve expected returns, and the Company may 
not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.

The Company’s ability to compete successfully also depends on the effective protection and enforcement of its intellectual property rights. Regulatory requirements, government investigations and litigation can force the Company to withdraw from, or modify its products and services for, certain countries and limit its ability to derive value from, or to enjoin others from using, its intellectual property rights. Additionally, they may require the Company to share its innovations with competitors.
Any of these outcomes can have a negative impact on the Company’s competitive advantage and materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the 
Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.

The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and service offerings. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s 
approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or
no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.

If the Company is unable to compete successfully, its business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially adversely affected.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 7

Business Risks

To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services.

Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, navigate global regulatory requirements and barriers to market access, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product 
and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including the Company’s ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel to execute on its strategic initiatives, and the timely and successful development and market acceptance of new products, services and technologies. Success also relies on the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the effective integration of third-party services and technologies into the Company’s
products and services, the availability, delivery and performance of application software or other third-party support for the Company’s products and services, the effective management of manufacturing and other purchase commitments and the management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, and the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand. Additionally, quality issues or other defects or deficiencies can adversely 
affect the success of new product and service introductions and market acceptance. New products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins. The Company may not be able to successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services, which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the U. S.

A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U. S. The Company relies on single-source partners in the U. S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s hardware 
products. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the cost, quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although 
arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the 
Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Changes or additions to the Company’s supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks.

Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.

Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, the global semiconductor industry has in 
the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Such disruptions could occur in the future.

Additionally, the Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers in a timely 
manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject to 
significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 8

The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation.

The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products unsafe
and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. The introduction of new and complex 
technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to 

[...FILING TEXT TRUNCATED...]

                                                                       4,481      —                                                          5,228  
  Repayments of term debt                                                                                          ( 10,932)      ( 9,958)                                               ( 11,151)  
  Proceeds from/(Repayments of) commercial paper, net                                          ( 2,032)                                                   3,960      ( 3,978)                       
  Other                                                                                        ( 111)                             ( 361)                             ( 581)                         
  Cash used in financing activities                                                                               ( 120,686)                         ( 121,983)                         ( 108,488)  
  Increase/(Decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents                              5,991      ( 794)                                                     5,760  
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, ending balances            $                      35,934      $                      29,943      $                      30,737  
  Supplemental cash flow disclosure:                                                                                                                                                                
  Cash paid for income taxes, net                                                              $                      43,369      $                      26,102      $                      18,679  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 33

Apple Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation and Preparation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP requires the use of management estimates. Certain prior period amounts in the notes to consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation.

The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first fiscal quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal years 2025 and 2024 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer 
to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

Segment Reporting

Beginning with the 2025 annual reporting period, the Company adopted the FASB’s ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures(“ ASU 2023-07”), which requires the Company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the Company’s chief operating decision maker (“ CODM”). In addition, ASU 2023-07 requires the Company to disclose the title and position of its CODM and how the CODM uses segment profit or loss information
in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 using a retrospective transition method.

Revenue

The Company records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities.

Share-Based Compensation

The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis for its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest.

Cash Equivalents

All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are treated as cash equivalents.

Trade Receivables

Trade receivables are stated at transaction price.

Marketable Securities

The cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method.

Inventories

Inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 34

Derivative Instruments

The Company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Income Taxes

The Company records certain deferred tax assets and liabilities in connection with the minimum tax on certain foreign earnings created by the TCJA.

Leases

The Company combines and accounts for lease and nonlease components as a single lease component for leases of corporate and retail facilities.

Note 2 - Revenue

The Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of products or services is transferred to its customers. Control is generally transferred when the Company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers. For most of the Company’s Products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped. For the Company’s Services net sales, control transfers 
over time as services are delivered. Payment for Products and Services net sales is collected within a short period following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable.

The Company records reductions to Products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer incentive programs based on the Company’s expectations and historical experience.

For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, the Company allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices (“ SSPs”). When available, the Company uses observable prices to determine SSPs. When observable prices are not available, SSPs are established that reflect the Company’s best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if 
they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. The Company’s process for estimating SSPs without observable prices considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation including, where applicable, prices charged by the Company for similar offerings, market trends in the pricing for similar offerings, product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance obligation.

The Company has identified the performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iPhone, Mac and iPad. The first material performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. The second material performance obligation is the right to receive certain product-related bundled services, which include iCloud®, Siri® and Maps. The Company allocates revenue and 
any related discounts to all of its performance obligations based on their relative SSPs. Because the Company lacks observable prices for product-related bundled services, the allocation of revenue is based on the Company’s estimated SSPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and bundled software is recognized when control has transferred to the customer, which generally occurs when the product is shipped. Revenue allocated to product-related bundled services is deferred and recognized on
a straight-line basis over the estimated period they are expected to be provided.

For certain long-term service arrangements, the Company has performance obligations for services it has not yet delivered. For these arrangements, the Company does not have a right to bill for the undelivered services. The Company has determined that any unbilled consideration relates entirely to the value of the undelivered services. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized revenue, and does not disclose amounts, related to these undelivered services.

For the sale of third-party products where the Company obtains control of the product before transferring it to the customer, the Company recognizes revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers. The Company considers multiple factors when determining whether it obtains control of third-party products, including evaluating if it can establish the price of the product, retains inventory risk for tangible products or has the responsibility for ensuring acceptability of the product. For 
third-party applications sold through the App Store, the Company does not obtain control of the product before transferring it to the customer. Therefore, the Company accounts for all third-party application - related sales on a net basis by recognizing in Services net sales only the commission it retains.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 35

The following table shows disaggregated net sales, as well as the portion of total net sales that was previously deferred, for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):

                                                                                                          2025                   2024                   2023               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  iPhone                                                                                                  $         209,586      $         201,183      $         200,583  
  Mac                                                                                                                33,708                 29,984                 29,357  
  iPad                                                                                                               28,023                 26,694                 28,300  
  Wearables, Home and Accessories                                                                                    35,686                 37,005                 39,845  
  Services (1)                                                                                                      109,158                 96,169                 85,200  
  Total net sales                                                                                         $         416,161      $         391,035      $         383,285  
  Portion of total net sales that was included in deferred revenue as of the beginning of the period      $           8,229      $           7,728      $           8,169  

(1) Services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.

The Company’s proportion of net sales by disaggregated revenue source was generally consistent for each reportable segment in Note 13, “ Segment Information and Geographic Data” for 2025, 2024 and 2023, except in Greater China, where iPhone revenue represented a moderately higher proportion of net sales.

As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the Company had total deferred revenue of $ 13.7 12.8 66 23 9 2

Note 3 - Earnings Per Share

The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (net income in millions and shares in thousands):

                                                 2025                      2024                      2023                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Numerator:                                                                                                               
  Net income                                     $            112,010      $             93,736      $             96,995  
  Denominator:                                                                                                             
  Weighted-average basic shares outstanding                14,948,500                15,343,783                15,744,231  
  Effect of dilutive share-based awards                        56,197                    64,312                    68,316  
  Weighted-average diluted shares                          15,004,697                15,408,095                15,812,547  
  Basic earnings per share                       $               7.49      $               6.11      $               6.16  
  Diluted earnings per share                     $               7.46      $               6.08      $               6.13  

Approximately 24

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 36

Note 4 - Financial Instruments

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

The following tables show the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment category as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):

                                                 Adjusted                   Unrealized      Unrealized                   Current                 
                                                     Cost                   Gains           Losses                       Marketable              
                                                                                                                         Securities              
  Cash                                                  $       28,267      $               $                28,267      $                    —  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                                     2025                                                                                        
  Level 1:                                                                                                                                       
  Money market funds                                             5,272      —               —                 5,272      —                       
  Mutual funds                                        679                   177             ( 2)                         854                     
  Subtotal                                                       5,951      177             ( 2)              6,126      854                     
  Level 2 (1):                                                                                                                                   
  U. S. Treasury securities                                     16,074      56              ( 282)           15,848                      10,946  
  U. S. agency securities                                        5,269      —               ( 149)            5,120                       2,413  
  Non-U. S. government securities                                6,586      111             ( 424)            6,273      855              5,418  
  Certificates of deposit and time deposits           917                   —               —                            —                       
  Commercial paper                                    100                   —               —                            50                      
  Corporate debt securities                                     47,210      266             ( 916)           46,560                      35,937  
  Municipal securities                                207                   —               ( 2)                         119                     
  Mortgage- and asset-backed securities                         24,130      126             ( 1,252)         23,004      94              22,910  
  Subtotal                                                     100,493      559             ( 3,025)         98,027                      77,723  
  Total                                                 $      134,711      $               $               132,420      $               77,723  

                                                              Unrealized      Unrealized                   Cash and                             
                                                              Gains           Losses                       Cash                                 
                                                                                                           Equivalents                          
  Cash                                            27,199      $               $                27,199      $                     —           —  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Level 1:                                                                                                                                      
  Money market funds                                          —               —                            778                                  
  Mutual funds                                                105             ( 3)                         —                                    
  Subtotal                                         1,293      105             ( 3)              1,395      778                                  
  Level 2 (1):                                                                                                                                  
  U. S. Treasury securities                       16,150      45              ( 516)           15,679      212               4,087      11,380  
  U. S. agency securities                          5,431      —               ( 272)            5,159      155                           4,301  
  Non-U. S. government securities                 17,959      93              ( 484)           17,568                       10,810       5,600  
  Certificates of deposit and time deposits                   —               —                            387                                  
  Commercial paper                                 1,066      —               —                 1,066      28                1,038              
  Corporate debt securities                       65,622      270             ( 1,953)         63,939      26               16,027      47,886  
  Municipal securities                                        —               ( 7)                         —                                    
  Mortgage- and asset-backed securities           24,595      175             ( 1,403)         23,367      —                 1,278      22,089  
  Subtotal                                       132,108      583             ( 4,635)        128,056                       34,611      91,479  
  Total (2)(3)                                   160,600      $               $               156,650      $                35,228      91,479  

(1)The valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the Company’s Level 2 financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.

(2) As of September 28, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included $ 2.6

(3) As of September 28, 2024, current marketable securities included $ 13.2

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 37

As of September 27, 2025, 80 15 5 13 14 73

The Company’s investments in marketable debt securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. The Company classifies marketable debt securities as either current or non-current based on each instrument’s underlying maturity.

Derivative Instruments and Hedging

The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.

All derivative instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting treatment for derivative gains and losses is based on intended use and hedge designation.

Gains and losses arising from amounts that are included in the assessment of cash flow hedge effectiveness are initially deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings, and in the same line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains and losses arising from amounts that are included in the assessment of fair value hedge effectiveness are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of 
Operations line item to which the hedge relates along with offsetting losses and gains related to the change in value of the hedged item.

For derivative instruments designated as cash flow and fair value hedges, amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedge in the Consolidated Statements of Operations line item to which the hedge relates. Changes in the fair value of amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss).

Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

The Company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments in the same section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the items being hedged, which are generally classified as operating activities.

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk

To protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to 12

To protect the Company’s foreign currency - denominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. As of September 27, 2025, the maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for term debt - related foreign currency transactions is 17

The Company may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.

Interest Rate Risk

To protect the Company’s term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in interest rates, the Company may use interest rate swaps, options or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 38

The notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative instruments as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, were as follows (in millions):

                                                                   2025                   2024              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges:                                                   
  Foreign exchange contracts                                       $          62,647      $         64,069  
  Interest rate contracts                                          $          12,875      $         14,575  
  Derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges:                                               
  Foreign exchange contracts                                       $         109,079      $         91,493  

As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the carrying amount of the Company’s current and non-current term debt 12.6 13.5

Accounts Receivable

Trade Receivables

As of September 27, 2025, the Company had one 12 34 38

Vendor Non-Trade Receivables

The Company has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to these vendors who manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the Company. The Company purchases these components directly from suppliers. The Company does not reflect the sale of these components in products net sales. Rather, the Company recognizes any gain on these sales as a reduction of products cost of sales when the related final products are sold by the 
Company. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had two 46 23 two 44 23

Note 5 - Property, Plant and Equipment

The following table shows the Company’s gross property, plant and equipment by major asset class and accumulated depreciation as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):

                                                      2025                     2024                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Land and buildings                                  $            27,337      $            24,690  
  Machinery, equipment and internal-use software                   83,420                   80,205  
  Leasehold improvements                                           15,091                   14,233  
  Gross property, plant and equipment                             125,848                  119,128  
  Accumulated depreciation                                      ( 76,014)                ( 73,448)  
  Total property, plant and equipment, net            $            49,834      $            45,680  

Depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was $ 8.0 8.2 8.5

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 39

Note 6 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details

The following tables show the Company’s consolidated financial statement details as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):

Other Non-Current Assets

                                      2025                  2024              
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Deferred tax assets                 $         20,777      $         19,499  
  Other non-current assets                      62,950                55,335  
  Total other non-current assets      $         83,727      $         74,834  

Other Current Liabilities

                                          2025                  2024              
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Income taxes payable                    $         13,016      $         26,601  
  Accrued distribution and marketing                 8,919                 7,679  
  Other current liabilities                         44,452                44,024  
  Total other current liabilities         $         66,387      $         78,304  

Note 7 - Income Taxes

European Commission State Aid Decision

On August 30, 2016, the Commission announced its decision that Ireland granted state aid to the Company by providing tax opinions in 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the Irish branches of two

The Company and Ireland appealed the State Aid Decision to the General Court of the Court of Justice of the European Union (“ General Court”). On July 15, 2020, the General Court annulled the State Aid Decision. On September 25, 2020, the Commission appealed the General Court’s decision to the European Court of Justice (“ ECJ”). On September 10, 2024, the ECJ announced that it had set aside the 2020 judgment of the General Court and confirmed the Commission’s 2016 State Aid Decision. As a 
result, during the fourth quarter of 2024 the Company recorded a one-time income tax charge of $ 10.2 15.8 4.8 823

Provision for Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rate

The provision for income taxes for 2025, 2024 and 2023, consisted of the following (in millions):

                                  2025                      2024                      2023                  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Federal:                                                                                                  
  Current                         $             11,487      $              5,571      $              9,445  
  Deferred                        ( 1,804)                  ( 3,080)                  ( 3,644)              
  Total                                          9,683                     2,491                     5,801  
  State:                                                                                                    
  Current                                        1,680                     1,726                     1,570  
  Deferred                        ( 139)                    ( 298)                    ( 49)                 
  Total                                          1,541                     1,428                     1,521  
  Foreign:                                                                                                  
  Current                                        8,891                    25,483                     8,750  
  Deferred                        604                       347                       669                   
  Total                                          9,495                    25,830                     9,419  
  Provision for income taxes      $             20,719      $             29,749      $             16,741  

Foreign pretax earnings were $ 82.0 77.3 72.9

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 40

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate ( 21

                                                2025                  2024                      2023                  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Computed expected tax                            $      27,873      $             25,932      $             23,885  
  Earnings of foreign subsidiaries          ( 8,120)                  ( 5,311)                  ( 5,744)              
  Change in valuation allowance                            2,091      —                         —                     
  Research and development credit, net      ( 1,049)                  ( 1,397)                  ( 1,212)              
  Impact of the State Aid Decision            ( 486)                                10,246      —                     
  Other                                          410                  279                       ( 188)                
  Provision for income taxes                       $      20,719      $             29,749      $             16,741  
  Effective tax rate                            15.6                  24.1                      14.7                  

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions):

                                              2025                     2024                  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Deferred tax assets:                                                                       
  Capitalized research and development        $            15,041      $             10,739  
  Tax credit carryforwards                                  8,643                     8,856  
  Accrued liabilities and other reserves                    6,154                     6,114  
  Deferred revenue                                          2,953                     3,413  
  Lease liabilities                                         2,577                     2,410  
  Other                                                     3,049                     3,341  
  Total deferred tax assets                                38,417                    34,873  
  Less: Valuation allowance                             ( 10,966)      ( 8,866)              
  Total deferred tax assets, net                           27,451                    26,007  
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                                  
  Depreciation                                              3,276                     2,551  
  Right-of-use assets                                       2,300                     2,125  
  Minimum tax on foreign earnings                           1,217                     1,674  
  Other                                       678                      455                   
  Total deferred tax liabilities                            7,471                     6,805  
  Net deferred tax assets                     $            19,980      $             19,202  

As of September 27, 2025, the Company had $ 4.7 4.0

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 41

Uncertain Tax Positions

As of September 27, 2025, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $ 23.2 10.6 22.0 10.8

The aggregate change in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and penalties, for 2025, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in millions):

                                                                        2025                      2024                      2023                  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Beginning balances                                                    $             22,038      $             19,454      $             16,758  
  Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior year                         1,971                     1,727                     2,044  
  Decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior year          ( 71)                     ( 386)                    ( 1,463)              
  Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year                     3,795                     2,542                     2,628  
  Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities              ( 2,939)                  ( 1,070)                  ( 19)                 
  Decreases related to expiration of the statute of limitations         ( 1,552)                  ( 229)                    ( 494)                
  Ending balances                                                       $             23,242      $             22,038      $             19,454  

The Company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the U. S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisd ictions. Tax years 2018 and after 2021 for the U. S. federal jurisdiction, and after 2014 in certain major foreign jurisdictions, remain subject to examination. Altho ugh the timing of resolution or closure of examinations is not certain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that its gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease as much as $ 6

Note 8 - Leases

The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. These leases typically have original terms not exceeding 10

Payments under the Company’s lease arrangements may be fixed or variable, and variable lease payments are primarily based on purchases of output of the underlying leased assets. Lease costs associated with fixed payments on the Company’s operating leases were $ 2.1 2.0 16.1 13.8 13.9

The Company made fixed cash payments related to operating leases of $ 2.1 1.9 2.8 1.0 2.1

The following table shows ROU assets and lease liabilities, and the associated financial statement line items, as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 (in millions):

  Lease-Related Assets and Liabilities      Financial Statement Line Items          2025                  2024              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Right-of-use assets:                                                                                                      
  Operating leases                          Other non-current assets                $         11,205      $         10,234  
  Finance leases                            Property, plant and equipment, net                 1,033                 1,069  
  Total right-of-use assets                                                         $         12,238      $         11,303  
  Lease liabilities:                                                                                                        
  Operating leases                          Other current liabilities               $          1,579      $          1,488  
                                            Other non-current liabilities                     10,911                10,046  
  Finance leases                            Other current liabilities               538                   144               
                                            Other non-current liabilities           692                   752               
  Total lease liabilities                                                           $         13,720      $         12,430  

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 42

Lease liability maturities as of September 27, 2025, are as follows (in millions):

                                      Operating                  Finance                 Total                 
                                      Leases                      Leases                                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  2026                                $               1,967            $        563      $              2,530  
  2027                                                1,988           73                                2,061  
  2028                                                1,848           51                                1,899  
  2029                                                1,585           48                                1,633  
  2030                                                1,381           43                                1,424  
  Thereafter                                          5,956          801                                6,757  
  Total undiscounted liabilities                     14,725                   1,579                    16,304  
  Less: Imputed interest              ( 2,235)                    ( 349)                 ( 2,584)              
  Total lease liabilities             $              12,490            $      1,230      $             13,720  

The weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company’s lease liabilities as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 was 9.8 10.3 3.4 3.1 The discount rates related to the Company’s lease liabilities are generally based on estimates of the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the Company’s leases cannot be readily determined.

As of September 27, 2025, the Company had $ 523 1 21

Note 9 - Debt

Commercial Paper

The Company issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. The Company uses net proceeds from the commercial paper program for general corporate purposes, including dividends and share repurchases. As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the Company had $ 8.0 10.0 nine months 4.19 5.00 The following table provides a summary of cash flows associated with commercial paper for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):

                                                                 2025                        2024                 2023                    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Maturities 90 days or less:                                                                                                             
  Proceeds from/(Repayments of) commercial paper, net            $             ( 5,820)      $         3,960      $             ( 1,333)  
  Maturities greater than 90 days:                                                                                                        
  Proceeds from commercial paper                                                  5,836      —                    —                       
  Repayments of commercial paper                                 ( 2,048)                    —                    ( 2,645)                
  Proceeds from/(Repayments of) commercial paper, net                             3,788      —                    ( 2,645)                
  Total proceeds from/(repayments of) commercial paper, net      $             ( 2,032)      $         3,960      $             ( 3,978)  

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 43

Term Debt

The Company has outstanding Notes, which are senior unsecured obligations with interest payable in arrears. The following table provides a summary of the Company’s term debt as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024:

                                                              Maturities           2025                                                 2024                                             
                                                              (calendar year)                                                                                                            
                                                                                   Amount                            Effective          Amount                            Effective      
                                                                                   (in millions)                     Interest Rate      (in millions)                     Interest Rate  
  2013 – 2023 debt issuances:                                                                                                                                                            
  Fixed-rate 0.000% – 4.850% notes                            2025 – 2062          $                     86,781      0.03% – 5.75%      $                     97,341      0.03% – 6.65%  
  Fixed-rate 4.000% – 4.750% notes                            2028 – 2035                                 4,500      4.07% – 4.83%      —                                                
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  2025 debt issuance:                                                                                                                                                                    
  Total term debt principal                                                                              91,281                                               97,341                     
  Unamortized premium/(discount) and issuance costs, net                           ( 309)                                               ( 321)                                           
  Hedge accounting fair value adjustments                                          ( 294)                                               ( 358)                                           
  Total term debt                                                                                        90,678                                               96,662                     
  Less: Current portion of term debt                                                                  ( 12,350)                                            ( 10,912)                     
  Total non-current portion of term debt                                           $                     78,328                         $                     85,750                     

To manage interest rate risk on certain of its U. S. dollar - denominated fixed-rate notes, the Company uses interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates on a portion of these notes. Additionally, to manage foreign exchange rate risk on certain of its foreign currency - denominated notes, the Company uses cross-currency swaps to effectively convert these notes to U. S. dollar - denominated notes.

The effective interest rates for the Notes include the interest on the Notes, amortization of the discount or premium and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging.

The future principal payments for the Company’s Notes as of September 27, 2025, are as follows (in millions):

                       2026      12,393  
                       2027      10,078  
                       2028       9,300  
                       2029       5,235  
                       2030       4,972  
                 Thereafter      49,303  
  Total term debt principal      91,281  

As of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the fair value of the Company’s Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was $ 80.4 88.4

Note 10 - Shareholders’ Equity

Share Repurchase Program

During 2025, the Company repurchased 402 89.3

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 44

Shares of Common Stock

The following table shows the changes in shares of common stock for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

                                                                      2025                      2024                      2023                  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Common stock outstanding, beginning balances                                  15,116,786                15,550,061                15,943,425  
  Common stock repurchased                                                      ( 401,672)                ( 499,372)                ( 471,419)  
  Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes                    58,146                    66,097                    78,055  
  Common stock outstanding, ending balances                                     14,773,260                15,116,786                15,550,061  

Note 11 - Share-Based Compensation

2022 Employee Stock Plan

The Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan (“2022 Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of RSUs, stock grants, performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights. RSUs granted under the 2022 Plan generally vest over four years one 1.3

Restricted Stock Units

A summary of the Company’s RSU activity and related information for 2025 is as follows:

                                             Number of                     Weighted-Average  
                                                  RSUs                      Grant-Date Fair  
                                        (in thousands)                        Value Per RSU  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Balance as of September 28, 2024                            163,326               $158.73  
  RSUs granted                                                 73,466               $226.68  
  RSUs vested                                               ( 76,845)               $159.85  
  RSUs forfeited                              ( 8,373)                              $183.03  
  Balance as of September 27, 2025                            151,574               $189.75  

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted in 2024 and 2023 was $ 173.78 150.87 The Company estimates the grant-date fair value of RSUs based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant.

The total vesting-date fair value of RSUs was $ 17.1 15.8 15.9 6.1 5.6

Share-Based Compensation

The following table shows share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):

                                                                      2025                    2024                    2023                
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Share-based compensation expense                                    $           12,863      $           11,688      $           10,833  
  Income tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense      $         ( 3,602)      $         ( 3,350)      $         ( 3,421)  

As of September 27, 2025, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs was $ 21.8 2.5

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 45

Note 12 - Commitments, Contingencies and Supply Concentrations

Unconditional Purchase Obligations

The Company has entered into certain off - balance sheet commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (“unconditional purchase obligations”). The Company’s unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. Future payments under unconditional purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year as of September 27, 2025, are as follows (in millions):

        2026      $         4,752  
        2027                3,708  
        2028                1,981  
        2029                1,306  
        2030      788              
  Thereafter      773              
       Total      $        13,308  

Contingencies

The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.

Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product

Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and 
significant commodity pricing fluctuations. Restrictions on international trade can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them.

The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, the Company may not be able to extend or 
renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers or in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, 
further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

Substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 46

Note 13 - Segment Information and Geographic Data

The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s CEO is its CODM.

The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia, New Zealand and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware 
and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.

The CODM uses segment net sales and operating income information to make certain decisions, such as product and service pricing, and to decide how to allocate resources related to sales activities and marketing investments. Net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers and sales through the Company’s retail stores located in those geographic locations. Operating income for each segment consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and 
operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. The information provided to the CODM for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information.

The following tables show information by reportable segment for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):

                                  Americas                                                                                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                  2025                                                                                                 
  Net sales                       $               178,353        111,032         64,377         28,703         33,696         416,161  
  Cost of sales                                 ( 95,699)      ( 58,617)      ( 35,141)      ( 13,779)      ( 17,724)      ( 220,960)  
  Research and development        —                                                                                         ( 34,550)  
  Selling and marketing                         ( 10,174)                                                                   ( 19,524)  
  General and administrative      —                                                                                                    
  Operating income/(loss)         $                72,480         47,739         26,917         13,955         14,586         133,050  

                                  Americas                                                                                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                  2024                                                                                                 
  Net sales                       $               167,045        101,328         66,952         25,052         30,658         391,035  
  Cost of sales                                 ( 89,587)      ( 55,197)      ( 37,519)      ( 11,744)      ( 16,305)      ( 210,352)  
  Research and development        —                                                                                         ( 31,370)  
  Selling and marketing           ( 9,802)                                                                                  ( 18,639)  
  General and administrative      —                                                                                                    
  Operating income/(loss)         $                67,656         41,790         27,082         12,454         13,062         123,216  

                                  Americas                                                                                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                  2023                                                                                                 
  Net sales                       $               162,560         94,294         72,559         24,257         29,615         383,285  
  Cost of sales                                 ( 92,394)      ( 54,101)      ( 39,787)      ( 11,542)      ( 16,313)      ( 214,137)  
  Research and development        —                                                                                         ( 29,915)  
  Selling and marketing           ( 9,658)                                                                                  ( 18,260)  
  General and administrative      —                                                                                                    
  Operating income/(loss)         $                60,508         36,098         30,328         11,888         12,066         114,301  

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 47

The following tables show net sales for 2025, 2024 and 2023 and long-lived assets as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024 for countries that individually accounted for 10% or more of the respective totals, as well as aggregate amounts for the remaining countries (in millions):

                       2025                   2024                   2023               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Net sales:                                                                            
  U. S.                $         151,790      $         142,196      $         138,573  
  China (1)                       64,377                 66,952                 72,559  
  Other countries                199,994                181,887                172,153  
  Total net sales      $         416,161      $         391,035      $         383,285  

                               2025                  2024              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Long-lived assets:                                                   
  U. S.                        $         40,274      $         35,664  
  China (1)                               3,617                 4,797  
  Other countries                         5,943                 5,219  
  Total long-lived assets      $         49,834      $         45,680  

(1) China includes Hong Kong and Taiwan.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 48

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. (the “ Company”) as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company at September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2025, in conformity with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP”).

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“ PCAOB”), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2025, based on criteria established inInternal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 31, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U. S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included 
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a 
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.

                                 Uncertain Tax Positions                                                                                                                                                                               
  Description of the Matter      As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company is subject to income taxes in the U. S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. As of September 27, 2025, the total amount of gross u...  

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 49

  How We Addressed the      We tested controls relating to the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, including controls over management’s assessment as to whether tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained, m...  

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2009.

San Jose, California

October 31, 2025

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 50

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2025, based on criteria established inInternal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “ COSO criteria”). In our opinion, Apple Inc. (the “ Company”) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“ PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated October 31, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion 
thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to 
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U. S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California

October 31, 2025

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 51

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 27, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act 
is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls

The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company’s assets;

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company’s management and directors; and

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company’s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be 
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the Company’s assessment,
management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 27, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2025, which were identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 52

Item 9B. Other Information

On October 31, 2025, the Company announced that Chris Kondo, Senior Director of Corporate Accounting and Principal Accounting Officer, will transition from his role on January 1, 2026. Following the transition, Mr. Kondo will continue to work on other projects. Ben Borders, the Company’s Director of Technical Accounting, will become Senior Director of Corporate Accounting and assume the role of Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Borders will report to Kevan Parekh, the Company’s Chief Financial 
Officer.

Insider Trading Arrangements

None.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this Item will be included in the Company’s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 27, 2025, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company’s 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (“2026 Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this Item will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 53

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) Documents filed as part of this report

(1) All financial statements

  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                             Page  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023                  29  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023        30  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 27, 2025 and September 28, 2024                                                              31  
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023        32  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 27, 2025, September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023                  33  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                               34  
  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*                                                                                49  

* Ernst & Young LLP, PCAOB Firm ID No. 000 42

(2) Financial Statement Schedules

All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K.

(3)Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Incorporated by Reference                                    
  Exhibit Number      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form                           Exhibit      Filing Date/     
             3.1      Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on August 3, 2020.                                                                                                                             8-K                                3.1      8/7/20           
             3.2      Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant effective as of August 20, 2024.                                                                                                                            8-K                                3.2      8/23/24          
           4.1**      Description of Securities of the Registrant.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
             4.2      Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2013, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee.                                                                           S-3                                4.1      4/29/13          
             4.3      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 3, 2013, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2016, Floating Rate Notes due 2018, 0.45% Notes due 20...      8-K                                4.1      5/3/13           
             4.4      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 6, 2014, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, Floating Rate Notes due 2019, 1.05% Notes due 20...      8-K                                4.1      5/6/14           
             4.5      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of November 10, 2014, including forms of global notes representing the 1.000% Notes due 2022 and 1.625% Notes due 2026.                                 8-K                                4.1      11/10/14         
             4.6      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 9, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2020, 1.55% Notes due 2020, 2.15% Notes due 2022,...      8-K                                4.1      2/9/15           
             4.7      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 13, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, Floating Rate Notes due 2020, 0.900% Notes due ...      8-K                                4.1      5/13/15          
             4.8      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of July 31, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the 3.05% Notes due 2029 and 3.60% Notes due 2042.                                       8-K                                4.1      7/31/15          

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 54

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Incorporated by Reference                                    
  Exhibit Number      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form                           Exhibit      Filing Date/     
             4.9      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of September 17, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the 1.375% Notes due 2024 and 2.000% Notes due 2027.                                8-K                                4.1      9/17/15          
            4.10      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 23, 2016, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2019, Floating Rate Notes due 2021, 1.300% Notes...      8-K                                4.1      2/23/16          
            4.11      Supplement No. 1 to the Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of March 24, 2016.                                                                                                              8-K                                4.1      3/24/16          
            4.12      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 4, 2016, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2019, 1.100% Notes due 2019, 1.550% Notes due 2021,...      8-K                                4.1      8/4/16           
            4.13      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 9, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2019, Floating Rate Notes due 2020, Floating Rate...      8-K                                4.1      2/9/17           
            4.14      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 11, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the Floating Rate Notes due 2020, Floating Rate Notes due 2022, 1.800% Notes due ...      8-K                                4.1      5/11/17          
            4.15      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 24, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 0.875% Notes due 2025 and 1.375% Notes due 2029.                                      8-K                                4.1      5/24/17          
            4.16      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of June 20, 2017, including form of global note representing the 3.000% Notes due 2027.                                                                 8-K                                4.1      6/20/17          
            4.17      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of September 12, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 1.500% Notes due 2019, 2.100% Notes due 2022, 2.900% Notes due 2027 and...      8-K                                4.1      9/12/17          
            4.18      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of November 13, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 1.800% Notes due 2019, 2.000% Notes due 2020, 2.400% Notes due 2023, 2.7...      8-K                                4.1      11/13/17         
            4.19      Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2018, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee.                                                                         S-3                                4.1      11/5/18          
            4.20      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of September 11, 2019, including forms of global notes representing the 1.700% Notes due 2022, 1.800% Notes due 2024, 2.050% Notes due 2026, 2....      8-K                                4.1      9/11/19          
            4.21      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of November 15, 2019, including forms of global notes representing the 0.000% Notes due 2025 and 0.500% Notes due 2031.                                 8-K                                4.1      11/15/19         
            4.22      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 11, 2020, including forms of global notes representing the 0.750% Notes due 2023, 1.125% Notes due 2025, 1.650% Notes due 2030 and 2.650...      8-K                                4.1      5/11/20          
            4.23      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 20, 2020, including forms of global notes representing the 0.550% Notes due 2025, 1.25% Notes due 2030, 2.400% Notes due 2050 and 2.5...      8-K                                4.1      8/20/20          
            4.24      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of February 8, 2021, including forms of global notes representing the 0.700% Notes due 2026, 1.200% Notes due 2028, 1.650% Notes due 2031, 2.37...      8-K                                4.1      2/8/21           
            4.25      Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 5, 2021, including forms of global notes representing the 1.400% Notes due 2028, 1.700% Notes due 2031, 2.700% Notes due 2051 and 2.8...      8-K                                4.1      8/5/21           

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 55

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Incorporated by Reference                                    
  Exhibit Number      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form                           Exhibit      Filing Date/     
  4.26                Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2021, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee.                                                                         S-3                                4.1      10/29/21         
  4.27                Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of August 8, 2022, including forms of global notes representing the 3.250% Notes due 2029, 3.350% Notes due 2032, 3.950% Notes due 2052 and 4.1...      8-K                                4.1      8/8/22           
  4.28                Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 10, 2023, including forms of global notes representing the 4.421% Notes due 2026, 4.000% Notes due 2028, 4.150% Notes due 2030, 4.300% N...      8-K                                4.1      5/10/23          
  4.29                Officer’s Certificate of the Registrant, dated as of May 12, 2025, including forms of global notes representing the 4.000% Notes due 2028, 4.200% Notes due 2030, 4.500% Notes due 2032 and 4.750...      8-K                                4.1      5/12/25          
  4.30*               Apple Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan.                                                                                                                                                                    S-8                                4.1      8/23/18          
  10.1*               Apple Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended as of Novem ber 6, 2024.                                                                                                                              10-Q                              10.1      12/28/24         
  10.2*               Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each director and executive officer of the Registrant.                                                                                       10-Q                              10.2      6/27/09          
  10.3*               Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as amended November 6, 2024.                                                                                                                                 10-Q                              10.2      12/28/24         
  10.4*               Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan, as amended and restated as of October 1, 2017.                                                                                                                       10-K                              10.8      9/30/17          
  10.5*               Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Employee Stock Plan effective as of August 18, 2020.                                                                                             10-K                             10.16      9/26/20          
  10.6*               Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan.                                                                                                                                                                      8-K                               10.1      3/4/22           
  10.7*               Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022.                                                                                               8-K                               10.2      3/4/22           
  10.8*               Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022.                                                                                                         8-K                               10.3      3/4/22           
  10.9*               Apple Inc. Executive Cash Incentive Plan.                                                                                                                                                                 8-K                               10.1      8/19/22          
  10.10*              Form of CEO Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 25, 2022.                                                                                      10-Q                              10.1      12/31/22         
  10.11*              Form of CEO Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 25, 2022.                                                                                                10-Q                              10.2      12/31/22         
  10.12*              Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.                                                                                          10-K                             10.19      9/28/24          
  10.13*              Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.                                                                                                    10-K                             10.20      9/28/24          
  10.14*              Form of CEO Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.                                                                                      10-K                             10.21      9/28/24          
  10.15*              Form of CEO Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of September 29, 2024.                                                                                                10-K                             10.22      9/28/24          
  19.1                Insider Trading Policy.                                                                                                                                                                                   10-K                              19.1      9/28/24          
  21.1**              Subsidiaries of the Registrant.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  23.1**              Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  24.1**              Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).                                                                                                                                                                                
  31.1**              Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  31.2**              Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  32.1***             Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.                                                                                                                                                                                    
  97.1*               Rule 10D-1 Recovery Policy                                                                                                                                                                                10-K                              97.1      9/28/24          

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 56

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Incorporated by Reference                                    
  Exhibit Number      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                   Form                           Exhibit      Filing Date/     
  101**               Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “ Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.                                                                   
  104**               Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set.                                                                                                                                           

* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

** Filed herewith.

*** Furnished herewith.

(1) Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 57

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

  Date: October 31, 2025      Apple Inc.                               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                              By:             /s/ Kevan Parekh         
                                              Kevan Parekh             
                                              Senior Vice President,   

Power of Attorney

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Timothy D. Cook and Kevan Parekh, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming 
all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

  Name                        Title                                               Date              
  /s/ Timothy D. Cook         Chief Executive Officer and Director                October 31, 2025  
                              (Principal Executive Officer)                                         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  TIMOTHY D. COOK                                                                                   
  /s/ Kevan Parekh            Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer      October 31, 2025  
  KEVAN PAREKH                                                                                      
  /s/ Chris Kondo             Senior Director of Corporate Accounting             October 31, 2025  
  CHRIS KONDO                                                                                       
  /s/ Wanda Austin            Director                                            October 31, 2025  
  WANDA AUSTIN                                                                                      
  /s/ Alex Gorsky             Director                                            October 31, 2025  
  ALEX GORSKY                                                                                       
  /s/ Andrea Jung             Director                                            October 31, 2025  
  ANDREA JUNG                                                                                       
  /s/ Arthur D. Levinson      Director and Chair of the Board                     October 31, 2025  
  ARTHUR D. LEVINSON                                                                                
  /s/ Monica Lozano           Director                                            October 31, 2025  
  MONICA LOZANO                                                                                     
  /s/ Ronald D. Sugar         Director                                            October 31, 2025  
  RONALD D. SUGAR                                                                                   
  /s/ Susan L. Wagner         Director                                            October 31, 2025  
  SUSAN L. WAGNER                                                                                   

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 58
