UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

FORM10-K

  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025                                                   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  OR                                                                                        
  For the Transition Period From to                                                         

Commission File Number001-37845

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

  Washington                    91-1144442     
  (STATE OF INCORPORATION)      (I. R. S. ID)  

ONE MICROSOFT WAY, REDMOND, Washington98052-6399

(425)882-8080

www. microsoft. com/investor

  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                                
  Title of each class                                              Trading Symbol      Name of exchange on which registered  
  Common stock, $ 0.00000625 par value per share                   MSFT                Nasdaq                                
  3.125% Notes due 2028                                            MSFT                Nasdaq                                
  2.625% Notes due 2033                                            MSFT                Nasdaq                                
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:                                                                
  N one                                                                                                                      

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

  Large Accelerated Filer ☒      Accelerated Filer ☐          
  Non-accelerated Filer ☐        Smaller Reporting Company ☐  
                                 Emerging Growth Company ☐    

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U. S. C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No☒

As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $3.1 trillion based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ National Market System. As of July 24, 2025, there were7,433,166,379 shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 5, 2025 are incorporated by reference into Part III.

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

FORM 10-K

For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025

INDEX

  PART I                                                                                                                                              
                Item 1.       Business                                                                                                             3  
                              Information about our Executive Officers                                                                            14  
                Item 1A.      Risk Factors                                                                                                        16  
                Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                                           30  
                Item 1C.      Cybersecurity                                                                                                       30  
                Item 2.       Properties                                                                                                          32  
                Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                                                                                                   32  
                Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                             32  
  PART II                                                                                                                                             
                Item 5.       Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities       33  
                Item 6.       [Reserved]                                                                                                          34  
                Item 7.       Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                               35  
                Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                          49  
                Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                                         50  
                Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                                89  
                Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures                                                                                             89  
                              Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting                                                   89  
                              Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                                             90  
                Item 9B.      Other Information                                                                                                   91  
                Item 9C.      Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                                                 91  
  PART III                                                                                                                                            
                Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance                                                             91  
                Item 11.      Executive Compensation                                                                                              91  
                Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters                      91  
                Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                                           91  
                Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                                              92  
  PART IV                                                                                                                                             
                Item 15.      Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules                                                                           93  
                Item 16.      Form 10-K Summary                                                                                                  100  
                              Signatures                                                                                                         101  

PART I

Item 1

Note About Forward-Looking Statements

This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the following sections: “ Business” (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K), “ Risk 
Factors” (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K), and “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are 
based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in “ Risk Factors,” “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “ Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K). Readers are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.

PARTI

ITEM 1. B USINESS

GENERAL

Microsoft is a technology company committed to making digital technology and artificial intelligence (“ AI”) available broadly and doing so responsibly. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.

We develop and support a broad portfolio of technology solutions for individuals and businesses, focusing on secure, trusted, and innovative platforms and tools that meet evolving customer needs across cloud computing, productivity and collaboration, and personal computing. We strive to create opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world.

AI is fundamentally transforming productivity for every individual, organization, and industry. Microsoft's AI offerings span every layer of the technology stack, enabling transformative outcomes across sectors and unlocking opportunity for every country, community, and individual.

We believe AI should be as empowering as it is powerful, and we’re committed to designing and deploying AI responsibly with safety and security from the outset.

What We Offer

Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new value for customers and help people and businesses realize their full potential.

We offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content, and we provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to a global audience.

Our products include operating systems, cross-device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, and video games. We also design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories.

Digital transformation and adoption of AI continues to revolutionize more business workstreams for organizations in every sector across the globe. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services.

PART I

Item 1

The Microsoft Cloud provides integration across the technology stack while offering openness, improving time to value, reducing costs, and increasing agility. Our cloud business benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns, improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; 
and multi-tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs.

We prioritize security above all else and we offer our customers integrated AI-driven products addressing security, compliance, identity, management, and privacy across customers’ multi-cloud, application, and device assets.

The Ambitions That Drive Us

To achieve our vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions:

• Reinvent productivity and business processes to help organizations and individuals work and collaborate more securely and efficiently.

• Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform to provide a foundation for our customers’ digital workloads including hybrid consistency, developer productivity, data and AI capabilities, and trusted security and compliance.

• Create
more personal computing to enable users to interact with technology in more intuitive, engaging, and dynamic ways.

Our Future Opportunity

We are focused on helping customers use the breadth and depth of the Microsoft Cloud to get the most value out of their digital spend while leading the AI platform wave across our solution areas. We continue to develop complete, intelligent solutions for our customers that empower people to be productive and collaborate, while safeguarding businesses and simplifying IT management. Our goal is to lead the industry in several distinct areas of technology over the long term, which we expect will 
translate to sustained growth. We are investing significant resources in:

• Transforming the workplace to deliver new, modern, modular business applications, drive deeper insights, and improve how people communicate, collaborate, learn, work, and interact with one another.

• Building and running cloud-based services in ways that utilize ubiquitous computing to unleash new experiences and opportunities for businesses and individuals.

• Applying AI and ambient intelligence to drive insights, revolutionize many types of work and business processes, and provide substantive productivity gains using Microsoft 365 Copilot and agents.

• Providing training on generative AI and greater access to digital learning and resources through skilling programs and initiatives, grants, and LinkedIn learning pathways.

• Inventing new gaming experiences that bring people together around their shared love for games on any device and pushing the boundaries of innovation with console and PC gaming.

• Leveraging Windows to fuel our cloud business, grow our share of the PC market, and drive increased engagement with our services like Microsoft Edge, Bing, Copilot, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Consumer, Xbox Game Pass, and more.

• Tackling security from all angles with our integrated, end-to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, and management, across all clouds and platforms.

Our future growth depends on our ability to transcend current product category definitions, business models, and sales motions.

Commitment to Sustainability

Microsoft is committed to sustainability and our approach to addressing climate change starts with the sustainability of our own business. In 2020, we announced goals to become a carbon negative, water positive, and zero waste company by 2030. Since announcing these goals, we have made meaningful progress while having seen major changes in both the technology sector and in our understanding of what it will take to meet our goals. Progress toward these goals can be found in our annual 
Environmental Sustainability Report.

PART I

Item 1

OPERATING SEGMENTS

We operate our business and report our financial performance using three segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across the development, sales, marketing, and services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of resources within businesses.

In August 2024, we announced changes to the composition of our segments. These changes align our segments with how we currently manage our business, most notably bringing the commercial components of Microsoft 365 together in the Productivity and Business Processes segment. Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the information that our chief operating decision maker is regularly provided and reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance reflects these segment changes.

Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 18 - Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

Our reportable segments are described below.

Productivity and Business Processes

Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:

• Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises.

• Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services.

• LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.

• Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications.

Microsoft 365 Commercial Products and Cloud Services

Microsoft 365 Commercial is an AI-powered business and productivity solutions platform that brings together Office, Windows, Microsoft 365 Copilot, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to help organizations empower their employees. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users in new markets such as frontline workers, small and medium businesses, and growth markets, as well as add AI-enabled tools, features, and agentic scenarios to our core product and service offerings across communication, 
collaboration, analytics, security, compliance, and other AI business productivity categories. Microsoft 365 Commercial revenue is mainly affected by a combination of continued installed base growth and average revenue per user expansion, as well as the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365.

Microsoft 365 Consumer Products and Cloud Services

Microsoft 365 Consumer is designed to increase personal productivity and creativity through a range of products and services. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users, add value to our core product set with new features including AI tools, and continue to expand our product and service offerings into new markets. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue and Office Consumer products revenue is mainly affected by the percentage of customers that buy Office with their new devices and the 
continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue is also affected by the demand for communication and storage through Outlook. com and OneDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions and advertising.

PART I

Item 1

LinkedIn

LinkedIn connects the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the way companies hire, market, sell, and learn. In addition to LinkedIn’s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions designed to offer AI-enabled insights and productivity: Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Growth will depend on our ability to increase LinkedIn member engagement on the platform and our ability to continue offering 
insight and AI-enabled services that provide value for our members and customers. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises and professionals for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, as well as member engagement and the quality of the sponsored content delivered to those members to drive Marketing Solutions.

Dynamics Products and Cloud Services

Dynamics provides cloud-based and on-premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resource planning (“ ERP”), customer relationship management (“ CRM”), and supply chain management, as well as agentic AI and other low code application development platforms, for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expansion of average revenue per user, and 
the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud-based intelligent business applications, including our low code development platforms, such as Power Apps and Power Automate.

Competition

Competitors to Office include software and global application vendors, web-based and mobile application companies, AI-first application companies, as well as local application developers. We compete by providing secure, integrated industry-specific, and easy-to-use productivity and collaboration tools and services that create comprehensive solutions and work well with technologies our customers already have both on-premises or in the cloud.

Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. Microsoft Defender for Endpoint competes with endpoint security solution providers.

Our Enterprise Mobility + Security offerings compete with products from a range of competitors including identity vendors, security solution vendors, and numerous other security point solution vendors.

LinkedIn faces competition from online professional networks; recruiting, talent management, and human resource services companies; job boards; companies that provide learning and development products and services; online and offline outlets that generate revenue from advertisers and marketers; and online and offline outlets for companies with lead generation and customer intelligence and insights.

Dynamics competes with cloud-based and on-premises business solution providers.

Intelligent Cloud

Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:

• Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services, comprising cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Nuance Healthcare cloud services, virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; and Server products, comprising SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, related Client Access Licenses (“ CALs”), and other on-premises offerings.

• Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience.

PART I

Item 1

Server Products and Cloud Services

Azure is a comprehensive set of cloud services that offer developers, IT professionals, and enterprises freedom to build, deploy, and manage applications on any platform or device. Customers can use Azure through our global network of datacenters for computing, networking, storage, mobile and web application services, AI, Internet of Things, cognitive services, and machine learning. Azure enables customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications that benefit their 
organizations, rather than managing on-premises hardware and software. Azure revenue is mainly affected by infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based services.

Azure AI offerings provide a competitive advantage as companies seek ways to optimize and scale their business with AI. We offer supercomputing power for AI at scale to run large workloads, complemented by our rapidly expanding portfolio of AI cloud services (including the latest models) and hardware, which includes custom-built silicon and strong partnerships with chip manufacturers. Azure AI Foundry is a unified platform for developers to design, customize, and manage AI applications and 
agents.

Our server products are designed to make IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive and efficient. Server software is integrated server infrastructure and middleware designed to support software applications built on the Windows Server operating system. This includes the server platform, database, business intelligence, storage, management and operations, virtualization, service-oriented architecture platform, security, and identity software. We also license standalone and 
software development lifecycle tools for software architects, developers, testers, and project managers. Server products revenue is mainly affected by purchases through volume licensing programs, licenses sold to OEMs, and retail packaged products. CALs provide access rights to certain server products, including SQL Server and Windows Server, and revenue is reported along with the associated server product.

GitHub and Nuance Healthcare include both cloud and on-premises offerings. GitHub provides a collaboration platform for developers to manage code and incorporate AI and agent-based tools across the software development lifecycle. Nuance Healthcare provides AI solutions to the healthcare industry.

Enterprise and Partner Services

Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience, assist customers in developing, deploying, and managing Microsoft server solutions, Microsoft desktop solutions, and Nuance conversational AI and ambient intelligent solutions, along with providing training and certification to developers and IT professionals on various Microsoft products.

Competition

Azure faces diverse competition from cloud service providers and open source offerings. Azure’s competitive advantage includes enabling a hybrid cloud, allowing deployment of existing datacenters with our public cloud into a single, cohesive infrastructure, and the ability to run at a scale that meets the needs of businesses of all sizes and complexities. Our AI offerings compete with AI products from hyperscalers, as well as products from other emerging competitors and other open source 
offerings, many of which are also current or potential partners. Our Azure Security offerings include our cloud security solution and security information and event management solution, which compete with providers in the cybersecurity and cloud security space. We believe our cloud’s global scale, coupled with our broad portfolio of identity and security solutions, allows us to effectively solve complex cybersecurity challenges for our customers and differentiates us from the competition.

Our server products face competition from a wide variety of server operating systems and applications offered by companies with a range of market approaches. Vertically integrated computer manufacturers offer their own versions of the Unix operating system preinstalled on server hardware and nearly all computer manufacturers offer server hardware for the Linux operating system.

We compete to provide enterprise-wide computing and point solutions with numerous commercial software vendors that offer solutions and middleware technology platforms, software applications for connectivity, security, hosting, database, and e-business servers.

PART I

Item 1

Our database, business intelligence, and data warehousing solutions offerings compete with products from providers in the data and analytics industry. Our system management solutions compete with server management and server virtualization platform providers. Our products for software developers compete against offerings from major technology providers, as well as open source alternatives.

We believe our server products provide customers with advantages in performance, total costs of ownership, and productivity by delivering superior applications, development tools, compatibility with a broad base of hardware and software applications, security, and manageability.

Our Enterprise and partner services business competes with a wide range of companies that provide strategy and business planning, application development, and infrastructure services, including multinational consulting firms and small niche businesses focused on specific technologies.

More Personal Computing

Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:

• Windows and Devices, including Windows OEM licensing (Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel) and Devices, comprising Surface and PC accessories.

• Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services.

• Search and news advertising, comprising Bing and Copilot, Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates.

Windows and Devices

The Windows operating system is designed to deliver a more personal computing experience for users by enabling consistency of experience, applications, and information across their devices. Windows OEM revenue is impacted significantly by the number of Windows operating system licenses purchased by OEMs, which they pre-install on the devices they sell. In addition to computing device market volume, Windows OEM revenue is impacted by:

• The mix of computing devices based on form factor and screen size.

• Differences in device market demand between developed markets and growth markets.

• Growth of the AI PC category.

• Attachment of Windows to devices shipped.

• Customer mix between consumer, small and medium businesses, and large enterprises.

• Changes in inventory levels in the OEM channel.

• Pricing changes and promotions, pricing variation that occurs when the mix of devices manufactured shifts from local and regional system builders to large multinational OEMs, and different pricing of Windows versions licensed.

• Constraints in the supply chain of device components.

• Piracy.

We design and sell devices, such as Surface (including Copilot+ PCs) and PC accessories. Our devices are designed to enable people and organizations to connect to the people and content that matter most using Windows and integrated Microsoft products and services. Surface is designed to help organizations, students, and consumers be more productive. Growth in Devices is dependent on total PC shipments, the ability to attract new customers, our product roadmap, and expanding into new categories.

PART I

Item 1

Gaming

Microsoft is expanding how billions of people globally access and play video games on PC, console, mobile, and cloud. Our game content is developed through a collection of first-party studios creating iconic and differentiated gaming experiences. We continue to invest in gaming studios and content to expand our intellectual property roadmap and leverage new content creators. These unique gaming experiences are the cornerstone of Xbox Game Pass, a subscription service and gaming community with 
access to a curated library of first- and third-party titles.

The gamer remains at the heart of the Xbox ecosystem. We are identifying new opportunities to attract gamers across a variety of different end points through our first- and third-party content and business diversification across subscriptions, ads, and digital stores. We’ve seen new devices from third-party manufacturers along with key PC and mobile end points that help us empower gamers to play in a way that is most convenient to them. We are focused on growing the platform and expanding to new
ecosystems to engage as many gamers as possible.

Xbox enables people to connect and share online gaming experiences that are accessible on Xbox consoles, Windows-enabled devices, and other devices. Xbox is designed to benefit users by providing access to a network of certified applications and services and to benefit our developer and partner ecosystems by providing access to a large customer base. Xbox revenue is mainly affected by subscriptions and sales of first- and third-party content, as well as advertising. Growth of our Gaming business
is determined by the overall active user base through Xbox enabled content, availability of games, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational power and reliability of the devices used to access our content and services, and the ability to create new experiences.

Search and News Advertising

Our Search and news advertising business is designed to deliver relevant search, native, and display advertising to a global audience. Microsoft Copilot is a digital companion designed to inform, entertain, and inspire. Our Microsoft Edge browser and Bing search engine with Copilot are key tools to enable user acquisition and engagement, while our technology platform enables accelerated delivery of digital advertising solutions. In addition to first-party tools, we have several partnerships with
companies through which we provide and monetize search offerings. Growth depends on our ability to attract new users, understand intent, and match intent with relevant content on advertising offerings.

Competition

Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, value, flexibility, security, an easy-to-use interface, and compatibility with a broad range of hardware and software applications, including those that enable productivity.

Devices face competition from various computer, tablet, and hardware manufacturers who offer a unique combination of high-quality industrial design and innovative technologies across various price points. Many of these manufacturers are also current or potential partners and customers, including our Windows OEMs.

Xbox and our cloud gaming services face competition from various online gaming ecosystems and game streaming services. We also compete with other providers of entertainment services such as video streaming platforms. Our gaming platform competes with other console platforms. We believe our gaming platform is effectively positioned against, and uniquely differentiated from, competitive products and services based on significant innovation in hardware architecture, user interface, developer tools,
online gaming and entertainment services, and continued strong content from our own first-party game franchises as well as other digital content offerings.

Our Search and news advertising business competes with search engines, and a wide array of websites, social platforms, and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users.

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

As of June 30, 2025, we employed approximately 228,000 people on a full-time basis, 125,000 in the U. S. and 103,000 internationally. Of the total employees, 89,000 were in operations, including product support and consulting services, datacenter operations, and manufacturing and distribution; 80,000 were in product research and development; 44,000 were in sales and marketing; and 15,000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements.

PART I

Item 1

We design our programs to attract, reward, and retain top talent while fostering continuous employee development and reinforcing our organizational culture and values. Our total compensation offering is both highly differentiated and competitive within the market, and we also monitor pay equity across multiple dimensions. We have invested significantly in employee wellbeing and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes many physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs. We 
also provide access to continuous learning through a wide range of internal and external content, supporting professional growth across roles and disciplines. Through our employee listening systems, we gather direct feedback from our workforce, enabling us to adapt our programs and address employee needs globally with real-time insights. Additionally, our culture prioritizes the security of both our customers and Microsoft, embedding this responsibility across all teams and functions.

OPERATIONS

We have regional operations service centers in the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East that support our business operations, including customer contract and order processing, billing, credit and collections, customer lifecycle AI and cloud operations, and vendor management and logistics.

In addition to our operations centers, we also operate datacenters throughout each of these regions. We continue to align our datacenter locations and server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units (“ GPUs”) and other components.

We engage third-party manufacturers to produce our devices and have implemented measures to enhance supply chain efficiency and resilience, including the ability to relocate production geographically.

There are few qualified suppliers for certain components of our servers and devices. Extended or unforeseen disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to operate our datacenters and manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Product and Service Development

Our success is based on our ability to create new and compelling products, services, and experiences for our users, initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, enter new geographic and product markets, and drive broad adoption of our products and services. We make significant investments in research and development for new and existing products, services, and technologies, including tools and platforms spanning digital work and life experiences, cloud computing, AI, devices, security, and
operating systems.

We develop most of our products and services internally which allows us to maintain competitive advantages that come from product differentiation and closer technical control over our products and services. It also gives us the freedom to decide which modifications and enhancements are most important and when they should be implemented. We strive to obtain information as early as possible about changing usage patterns and hardware advances that may affect software and hardware design. Before 
releasing new software platforms, and as we make significant modifications to existing platforms, we provide application vendors with a range of resources and guidelines for development, training, and testing.

We plan to continue to make significant investments in a broad range of product research and development activities, and as appropriate, we will coordinate our research and development across operating segments and leverage the results across the company. This includes continuing to support fundamental research, which provides us with a unique perspective on future trends and contributes to our innovation.

PART I

Item 1

Intellectual Property

We protect our intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U. S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, and other protections that apply to our software and hardware products, services, business plans, and branding. While we employ much of our internally-developed intellectual property in our products and services, we also engage in outbound licensing of specific patented technologies that are incorporated 
into licensees’ products. From time to time, we enter into broader cross-license agreements with other technology companies covering entire groups of patents. We may also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products and services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting societal and/or environmental efforts, or attracting
and enabling our external development community. Our engagement with open source software also causes us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations.

While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and services, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third-party relating to the development of our products.

DISTRIBUTION, SALES, AND MARKETING

Our customers include individual consumers, small and medium organizations, large global enterprises, public-sector institutions, service providers, application developers, and OEMs. We market and distribute our products and services through the following channels: direct, distributors and resellers, and OEMs. Our sales organization performs a variety of functions, including working directly with commercial enterprises and public-sector organizations worldwide to identify and meet their 
technology and digital transformation requirements; supporting system integrators, independent software vendors, and other partners who engage directly with our customers to perform sales, consulting, and fulfillment functions for our products and services; and managing OEM relationships.

Direct

Many organizations that license our products and services transact directly with us through Enterprise Agreements and Enterprise Services contracts, with sales support from system integrators, independent software vendors, web agencies, and partners that advise organizations on licensing our products and services (“ Enterprise Agreement Software Advisors” or “ ESA”). Microsoft offers direct sales programs targeted to reach small, medium, and corporate customers, in addition to those offered 
through the reseller channel. A large network of partner advisors support many of these sales.

We also sell commercial and consumer products and services directly to customers, such as cloud services, search, and gaming, through our digital marketplaces and online stores. Additionally, our Microsoft Experience Centers are designed to facilitate deeper engagement with our partners and customers across industries.

Distributors and Resellers

Organizations also license our products and services indirectly, primarily through licensing solution partners (“ LSP”), distributors, value-added resellers (“ VAR”), and retailers. Although each type of reselling partner may reach organizations of all sizes, LSPs are primarily engaged with large organizations, distributors resell primarily to VARs, and VARs typically reach small and medium organizations. ESAs are also typically authorized as LSPs and operate as resellers for our other volume 
licensing programs. Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider is our main partner program for reselling cloud services.

We distribute our retail packaged products primarily through independent non-exclusive distributors, authorized replicators, resellers, and retail outlets. Individual consumers obtain these products primarily through retail outlets. We distribute our devices through third-party retailers. We have a network of field sales representatives and field support personnel that solicit orders from distributors and resellers and provide product training and sales support.

Our Dynamics business solutions are also licensed to enterprises through a global network of channel partners providing vertical solutions and specialized services.

PART I

Item 1

OEMs

We distribute our products and services through OEMs that pre-install our software on new devices and servers they sell. The largest component of the OEM business is the Windows operating system pre-installed on devices. OEMs also sell devices pre-installed with other Microsoft products and services, including applications such as Office and the capability to subscribe to Microsoft 365 Consumer.

There are two broad categories of OEMs. The largest category of OEMs are direct OEMs as our relationship with them is managed through a direct agreement between Microsoft and the OEM. We have distribution agreements covering one or more of our products with virtually all the multinational OEMs, including Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo, and with many regional and local OEMs. The second broad category of OEMs are system builders consisting of lower-volume PC manufacturers, which source Microsoft 
software for pre-installation and local redistribution primarily through the Microsoft distributor channel rather than through a direct agreement or relationship with Microsoft.

LICENSING OPTIONS

We offer options for organizations of varying sizes that want to purchase our cloud services and on-premises software. We license these organizations under volume licensing agreements to allow the customer to acquire multiple licenses of products and services instead of having to acquire separate licenses through retail channels. These volume licensing programs have varying programmatic requirements and benefits to best meet the needs of our customers.

Software Assurance (“ SA”) conveys rights to new software and upgrades for perpetual licenses released over the contract period. It also provides support, tools, training, and other licensing benefits to help customers deploy and use software efficiently. SA is required to be purchased with certain volume licensing agreements and is an optional purchase with others.

Volume Licensing Programs

Enterprise Agreement

Enterprise Agreements offer large organizations a manageable volume licensing program that gives them the flexibility to buy cloud services and software licenses under one agreement. Enterprise Agreements are designed for medium or large organizations that want to license Microsoft products and services organization-wide over a three-year period. Organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses (covered with SA) and/or subscribe to cloud services.

Microsoft Customer Agreement

Microsoft Customer Agreements are simplified purchase agreements presented, accepted, and stored through a digital experience. Microsoft Customer Agreements are non-expiring agreements that are designed to support all customers over time, whether purchasing through a partner or directly from Microsof

[...FILING TEXT TRUNCATED...]

“ Reprogrammed”) and entities affiliated with Greylock Ventures (“ Greylock”) each held less than a10% equity interest in
Inflection. Mr. Hoffman may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Reprogrammed and Greylock by virtue of his relationship with such entities. Mr. Hoffman did not participate in any portions of the meetings of our Board of Directors or any committee thereof to review and approve the transaction with Inflection.
Recent Accounting Guidance
Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance
Segment Reporting - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“ FASB”) issued a new standard to improve reportable segment disclosures. The guidance expands the disclosures required for reportable segments in our annual and interim consolidated financial statements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. We adopted the standard beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2025. The adoption resulted in incremental segment reporting disclosures, most 
notably disclosure of cost of revenue and operating expenses for each reportable segment. Refer to Note 18 - Segment Information and Geographic Data.
Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted
Income Taxes - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued a new standard to improve income tax disclosures. The guidance requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standardized categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The standard will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2026, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our income tax
disclosures.

PART II

Item 8

Income Statement - Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued a new standard to expand disclosures about income statement expenses. The guidance requires disaggregation of certain costs and expenses included in each relevant expense caption on our consolidated income statements in a separate note to the financial statements at each interim and annual reporting period, including amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and intangible asset amortization. The standard will be effective for us 
beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2028 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures.

NOTE 2 - EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share (“ EPS”) is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential common shares include outstanding stock options and stock awards.
The components of basic and diluted EPS were as follows:
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
(In millions, except per share amounts)
Net income available for common shareholders (A) $ 101,832 $ 88,136 $ 72,361
Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock (B) 7,433 7,431 7,446
Dilutive effect of stock-based awards 32 38 26
Common stock and common stock equivalents (C) 7,465 7,469 7,472
Earnings Per Share
Basic (A/B) $ 13.70 $ 11.86 $ 9.72
Diluted (A/C) $ 13.64 $ 11.80 $ 9.68
Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the periods presented.

NOTE 3 - OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET
The components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Interest and dividends income $ 2,647 $ 3,157 $ 2,994
Interest expense ( 2,385 ( 2,935 ( 1,968
Net recognized gains (losses) on investments ( 349 ( 118 260
Net losses on derivatives ( 260 ( 187 ( 456
Net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements 171 ( 244 181
Other, net ( 4,725 ( 1,319 ( 223
Total $ ( 4,901 $ ( 1,646 $ 788
Other, net primarily reflects net recognized losses on equity method investments, including OpenAI.

PART II

Item 8

Net Recognized Gains (Losses) on Investments
Net recognized gains (losses) on debt investments were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Realized gains from sales of available-for-sale securities $ 40 $ 22 $ 36
Realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities ( 65 ( 98 ( 124
Impairments and allowance for credit losses 8 23 ( 10
Total $ ( 17 $ ( 53 $ ( 98
Net recognized gains (losses) on equity investments were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Net realized gains on investments sold $ 83 $ 18 $ 75
Net unrealized gains on investments still held 536 146 303
Impairments of investments ( 951 ( 229 ( 20
Total $ ( 332 $ ( 65 $ 358

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 4 - INVESTMENTS
Investment Components
The components of investments were as follows:
(In millions)
June 30, 2025
Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Other Comprehensive Income
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Commercial paper Level 2 10,880 0 10,880 9,939 941 0
Certificates of deposit Level 2 2,653 0 2,653 2,309 344 0
U. S. government securities Level 1 52,878 ( 1,462 51,487 4,742 46,745 0
U. S. agency securities Level 2 2,686 0 2,686 496 2,190 0
Foreign government bonds Level 2 349 ( 9 364 0 364 0
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Level 2 2,558 ( 27 2,541 0 2,541 0
Corporate notes and bonds Level 2 10,763 ( 101 10,786 0 10,786 0
Corporate notes and bonds Level 3 2,511 ( 5 2,571 0 111 2,460
Municipal securities Level 2 207 ( 7 201 0 201 0
Municipal securities Level 3 104 ( 14 90 0 90 0
Total debt investments 85,589 ( 1,625 84,259 17,486 64,313 2,460
Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Net Income
Equity investments Level 1 4,577 1,045 0 3,532
Equity investments Other 9,141 0 0 9,141
Total equity investments 13,718 1,045 0 12,673
Cash 11,711 11,711 0 0
Derivatives, net (a) 282 0 10 272
Total 109,970 30,242 64,323 15,405

PART II

Item 8

(In millions)
June 30, 2024
Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Other Comprehensive Income
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Commercial paper Level 2 4,666 0 4,666 4,666 0 0
Certificates of deposit Level 2 1,547 0 1,547 1,503 44 0
U. S. government securities Level 1 49,603 ( 2,948 46,659 14 46,645 0
U. S. agency securities Level 2 17 0 17 0 17 0
Foreign government bonds Level 2 319 ( 16 306 0 306 0
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Level 2 944 ( 35 912 0 912 0
Corporate notes and bonds Level 2 9,106 ( 318 8,816 0 8,816 0
Corporate notes and bonds Level 3 1,641 ( 1 1,640 0 140 1,500
Municipal securities Level 2 262 ( 13 249 0 249 0
Municipal securities Level 3 104 ( 17 87 0 87 0
Total debt investments 68,209 ( 3,348 64,899 6,183 57,216 1,500
Changes in Fair Value Recorded in Net Income
Equity investments Level 1 3,547 561 0 2,986
Equity investments Other 10,114 0 0 10,114
Total equity investments 13,661 561 0 13,100
Cash 11,571 11,571 0 0
Derivatives, net (a) 12 0 12 0
Total 90,143 18,315 57,228 14,600
(a)
Refer to Note 5 - Derivatives for further information on the fair value of our derivative instruments.
Equity investments presented as “ Other” in the tables above include investments without readily determinable fair values measured at cost with adjustments for observable changes in price or impairments, measured using the equity method, or measured at fair value using net asset value as a practical expedient which are not categorized in the fair value hierarchy. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, equity investments without readily determinable fair values measured at cost with adjustments for 
observable changes in price or impairments were $2.9 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively. Equity investments measured using the equity method were $6.0 billion as of both June 30, 2025 and 2024.

PART II

Item 8

Unrealized Losses on Debt Investments
Debt investments with continuous unrealized losses for less than 12 months and 12 months or greater and their related fair values were as follows:
Less than 12 Months
(In millions) Fair Value Unrealized
Losses
June 30, 2025
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
U. S. government and agency securities $ 2,569 ( 51 34,608 ( 1,411 37,177 ( 1,462
Foreign government bonds 43 ( 2 106 ( 7 149 ( 9
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities 841 ( 4 189 ( 23 1,030 ( 27
Corporate notes and bonds 1,107 ( 8 3,105 ( 98 4,212 ( 106
Municipal securities 0 0 168 ( 21 168 ( 21
Total $ 4,560 ( 65 38,176 ( 1,560 42,736 ( 1,625
Less than 12 Months Total
Unrealized
Losses
(In millions) Fair Value Unrealized Fair Value Unrealized Total
Losses Losses Fair Value
June 30, 2024
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
U. S. government and agency securities $ 529 ( 12 45,821 ( 2,936 46,350 ( 2,948
Foreign government bonds 79 ( 2 180 ( 14 259 ( 16
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities 201 ( 1 409 ( 34 610 ( 35
Corporate notes and bonds 1,310 ( 9 5,779 ( 310 7,089 ( 319
Municipal securities 38 ( 1 243 ( 29 281 ( 30
Total $ 2,157 ( 25 52,432 ( 3,323 54,589 ( 3,348
Unrealized losses from fixed-income securities are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence.
Debt Investment Maturities
The following table outlines maturities of our debt investments as of June 30, 2025:
(In millions) Adjusted Estimated

Cost Basis Fair Value
June 30, 2025
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Due in one year or less $ 35,108 $ 34,952
Due after one year through five years 42,460 41,481
Due after five years through 10 years 6,530 6,424
Due after 10 years 1,491 1,402
Total $ 85,589 $ 84,259

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 5 - DERIVATIVES
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, interest rates, equity prices, and credit; to enhance investment returns; and to facilitate portfolio diversification. Our objectives for holding derivatives include reducing, eliminating, and efficiently managing the economic impact of these exposures as effectively as possible. Our derivative programs include strategies that both qualify and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.
Foreign Currencies
Certain forecasted transactions, assets, and liabilities are exposed to foreign currency risk. We monitor our foreign currency exposures daily to maximize the economic effectiveness of our foreign currency hedge positions.
Foreign currency risks related to certain Euro-denominated debt are hedged using foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedging instruments.
Certain options and forwards not designated as hedging instruments are also used to manage the variability in foreign exchange rates on certain balance sheet amounts and to manage other foreign currency exposures.
Interest Rate
Interest rate risks related to certain fixed-rate debt are hedged using interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedging instruments to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates.
Securities held in our fixed-income portfolio are subject to different interest rate risks based on their maturities. We manage the average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain broad-based fixed-income indices using option, futures, and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “ Other contracts” in the tables below.
Equity
Securities held in our equity investments portfolio are subject to market price risk. At times, we may hold options, futures, and swap contracts. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments.
Credit
Our fixed-income portfolio is diversified and consists primarily of investment-grade securities. We use credit default swap contracts to manage credit exposures relative to broad-based indices and to facilitate portfolio diversification. These contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are included in “ Other contracts” in the tables below.
Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features
Certain counterparty agreements for derivative instruments contain provisions that require our issued and outstanding long-term unsecured debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating and require us to maintain minimum liquidity of $1.0 billion. To the extent we fail to meet these requirements, we will be required to post collateral, similar to the standard convention related to over-the-counter derivatives. As of June 30, 2025, our long-term unsecured debt rating was AAA, and cash 
investments were in excess of $1.0 billion. As a result, no collateral was required to be posted.

PART II

Item 8

The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments measured in U. S. dollar equivalents:
(In millions)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Designated as Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts purchased 1,492 1,492
Interest rate contracts purchased 1,150 1,100
Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts purchased 15,214 7,167
Foreign exchange contracts sold 43,307 31,793
Equity contracts purchased 5,434 4,016
Equity contracts sold 2,189 2,165
Other contracts purchased 2,769 2,113
Other contracts sold 1,242 811
Fair Values of Derivative Instruments
The following table presents our derivative instruments:
Derivative Derivative Derivative
(In millions) Assets Liabilities Assets
June 30, June 30,

2025 2024
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Designated as Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts $ 89 ( 44 24 ( 76
Interest rate contracts 15 0 19 0
Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts 248 ( 809 213 ( 230
Equity contracts 385 ( 983 63 ( 491
Other contracts 21 ( 1 12 ( 3
Gross amounts of derivatives 758 ( 1,837 331 ( 800
Gross amounts of derivatives offset in the balance sheets ( 258 260 ( 151 152
Cash collateral received 0 ( 99 0 ( 104
Net amounts of derivatives $ 500 ( 1,676 180 ( 752
Reported as
Short-term investments $ 10 0 12 0
Other current assets 201 0 149 0
Equity and other investments 272 0 0 0
Other long-term assets 17 0 19 0
Other current liabilities 0 ( 1,639 0 ( 401
Other long-term liabilities 0 ( 37 0 ( 351
Total $ 500 ( 1,676 180 ( 752
Gross derivative assets and liabilities subject to legally enforceable master netting agreements for which we have elected to offset were $452 million and $1.8 billion, respectively, as of June 30, 2025, and $304 million and $800 million, respectively, as of June 30, 2024.

PART II

Item 8

The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives instruments on a gross basis:
(In millions) Level 2
June 30, 2025
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Derivative assets 1 474 283 758
Derivative liabilities 0 ( 1,832 ( 5 ( 1,837
June 30, 2024
Derivative assets 0 327 4 331
Derivative liabilities ( 1 ( 799 0 ( 800
Gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized in other income (expense), net were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30,
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Designated as Fair Value Hedging Instruments
Interest rate contracts
Derivatives 5 ( 23 ( 65
Hedged items ( 45 ( 25 38
Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts
Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 103 ( 48 61
Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts ( 938 367 ( 73
Equity contracts ( 266 ( 177 ( 420
Other contracts 21 ( 15 ( 41
Gains (losses), net of tax, on derivative instruments recognized in our consolidated comprehensive income statements were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30,
───────────────────────────────────────────────
Designated as Cash Flow Hedging Instruments
Foreign exchange contracts
Included in effectiveness assessment

NOTE 6 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
The components of property and equipment were as follows:
(In millions)
June 30, 2025 2024
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Land $ 9,338 $ 8,163
Buildings and improvements 137,921 93,943
Leasehold improvements 12,117 9,594
Computer equipment and software 132,836 93,780
Furniture and equipment 6,407 6,532
Total, at cost 298,619 212,012
Accumulated depreciation ( 93,653 ( 76,421
Total, net $ 204,966 $ 135,591
During fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, depreciation expense was $22.0 billion, $15.2 billion, and $11.0 billion, respectively.
As of June 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, purchases of property and equipment remaining in accounts payable were $6.9 billion, $4.3 billion, and $3.8 billion, respectively. As of June 30, 2025, we have committed $32.1 billion for the construction of new buildings, building improvements, and leasehold improvements, primarily related to datacenters.

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 7 - BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
Activision Blizzard, Inc.
OnOctober 13, 2023, we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“ Activision Blizzard”) for a total purchase price of $75.4 billion, consisting primarily of cash. Activision Blizzard is a leader in game development and an interactive entertainment content publisher. The acquisition will accelerate the growth in our gaming business across mobile, PC, console, and cloud gaming. The financial results of Activision Blizzard have been included in our consolidated financial statements 
since the date of the acquisition. Activision Blizzard is reported as part of our More Personal Computing segment.
The allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was completed as of September 30, 2024. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which we have allocated the purchase price were as follows:
(In millions)
──────────────────────────────────────────
Cash and cash equivalents 12,976
Goodwill 51,001
Intangible assets 21,969
Other assets 2,503
Long-term debt ( 2,799
Long-term income taxes ( 1,946
Deferred income taxes ( 4,676
Other liabilities ( 3,620
Total purchase price 75,408
Goodwill was assigned to our More Personal Computing segment. The goodwill was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Activision Blizzard. Substantially all of the goodwill is expected to be non-deductible for income tax purposes.
Following are the details of the purchase price allocated to the intangible assets acquired:
(In millions, except average life) Amount
Marketing-related $ 11,619 24 years
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Technology-based 9,689 4 years
Customer-related 661 4 years
Fair value of intangible assets acquired $ 21,969 15 years
Following are the supplemental consolidated financial results of Microsoft Corporation on an unaudited pro forma basis, as if the acquisition had been consummated on July 1, 2022:
Year Ended June 30, 2024 2023
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
(In millions, except per share amounts)
Revenue 247,442 219,790
Net income 88,308 71,383
Diluted earnings per share 11.82 9.55
These pro forma results were based on estimates and assumptions, which we believe are reasonable. They are not the results that would have been realized had we been a combined company during the periods presented and are not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations in future periods. The pro forma results include adjustments related to purchase accounting, primarily amortization of intangible assets. Acquisition costs and other nonrecurring charges were immaterial and are
included in the earliest period presented.

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 8 - GOODWILL
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:
(In millions) June 30, Acquisitions Other June 30, Acquisitions Other June 30,
2025
2023 2024
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Productivity and Business Processes 31,359 0 2 31,361 0 96 31,457
Intelligent Cloud 25,676 0 ( 28 25,648 0 41 25,689
More Personal Computing 10,851 51,235 125 62,211 0 152 62,363
Total 67,886 51,235 99 119,220 0 289 119,509
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Refer to Note 1 - Accounting Policies for further information.
The measurement periods for the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed end as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates becomes available, but do not exceed 12 months. Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to goodwill during the periods in which the adjustments are determined.
Any change in the goodwill amounts resulting from foreign currency translations and purchase accounting adjustments are presented as “ Other” in the table above. Also included in “ Other” are business dispositions and transfers between segments due to reorganizations, as applicable.
As discussed in Note 1 - Accounting Policies, during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 we made changes to our segments. These segment changes also resulted in changes to our reporting units. We reallocated goodwill across impacted reporting units using a relative fair value approach. In addition, we completed an assessment of any potential goodwill impairment for all reporting units immediately prior to the reallocation and determined that no impairment existed.
Goodwill Impairment
We test goodwill for impairment annually on May 1 at the reporting unit level, primarily using a discounted cash flow methodology with a peer-based, risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. We believe use of a discounted cash flow approach is the most reliable indicator of the fair values of the businesses.
No instances of impairment were identified in our May 1, 2025, May 1, 2024, or May 1, 2023 tests. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, accumulated goodwill impairment was $11.3 billion.

NOTE 9 - INTANGIBLE ASSETS
The components of intangible assets, all of which are finite-lived, were as follows:
(In millions) Net Carrying
Amount
June 30, 2025
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Marketing-related 16,502 ( 3,901 $ 12,601 16,500 ( 3,101 13,399
Technology-based 22,560 ( 14,959 7,601 21,913 ( 10,741 11,172
Customer-related 4,278 ( 2,050 2,228 6,038 ( 3,051 2,987
Contract-based 217 ( 43 174 58 ( 19 39
Total 43,557 ( 20,953 $ 22,604 44,509 ( 16,912 27,597
No material impairments of intangible assets were identified during fiscal years 2025, 2024, or 2023. We estimate that we have no significant residual value related to our intangible assets.

PART II

Item 8

The components of intangible assets acquired during the periods presented were as follows:
(In millions) Amount Amount
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024
Marketing-related $ 13 10 years $ 11,619 24 years
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Technology-based 912 9 years 10,947 4 years
Customer-related 0 0 years 660 4 years
Contract-based 171 5 years 38 4 years
Total $ 1,096 9 years $ 23,264 14 years
Intangible assets amortization expense was $6.0 billion, $4.8 billion, and $2.5 billion for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of June 30, 2025:
(In millions)
Year Ending June 30,
────────────────────────────────────
2026 4,594
2027 2,901
2028 2,034
2029 1,851
2030 1,382
Thereafter 9,842
Total 22,604

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 10 - DEBT
Short-term Debt
As of June 30, 2025, we had no commercial paper issued or outstanding. As of June 30, 2024, we had$6.7 billion of commercial paper issued and outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of5.4% and maturities ranging from28 days to152 days. The estimated fair value of this commercial paper approximates its carrying value.
Long-term Debt
The components of long-term debt were as follows:
(In millions, issuance by calendar year) Effective Interest

Rate
2013 issuance of € 4.1 billion 2033 2.63% 3.13% 2.69% 3.22% 2,700 2,465
2015 issuance of $ 23.8 billion 2055 3.13% 4.75% 3.18% 4.78% 7,555 9,805
2016 issuance of $ 19.8 billion 2056 2.40% 3.95% 2.46% 4.03% 7,930 7,930
2017 issuance of $ 17.1 billion 2057 3.30% 4.50% 3.38% 5.49% 6,833 6,833
2020 issuance of $ 10.1 billion 2060 1.35% 2.68% 2.53% 5.43% 10,111 10,111
2021 issuance of $ 8.2 billion 2062 2.92% 3.04% 2.92% 3.04% 8,185 8,185
2023 issuance of $ 0.1 billion 2050 1.35% 4.50% 5.16% 5.49% 56 56
2024 issuance of $ 3.3 billion 2050 1.35% 4.50% 5.16% 5.49% 3,344 3,344
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2009 issuance of $ 3.8 billion 2039 5.20% 5.24% 520 520
2010 issuance of $ 4.8 billion 2040 4.50% 4.57% 486 486
2011 issuance of $ 2.3 billion 2041 5.30% 5.36% 718 718
2012 issuance of $ 2.3 billion 2042 3.50% 3.57% 454 454
2013 issuance of $ 5.2 billion 2043 3.75% 4.88% 3.83% 4.92% 314 314
Total face value 49,206 51,221
Unamortized discount and issuance costs ( 1,155 ( 1,227
Hedge fair value adjustments (a) ( 36 ( 81
Premium on debt exchange ( 4,864 ( 4,976
Total debt 43,151 44,937
Current portion of long-term debt ( 2,999 ( 2,249
Long-term debt 40,152 42,688
(a)
Refer to Note 5 - Derivatives for further information on the interest rate swaps related to fixed-rate debt.
As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the estimated fair value of long-term debt, including the current portion, was $40.4 billion and $42.3 billion, respectively. The estimated fair values are based on Level 2 inputs.
Debt in the table above is comprised of senior unsecured obligations and ranks equally with our other outstanding obligations. Interest is paid semi-annually, except for the Euro-denominated debt, which is paid annually. Cash paid for interest on our debt for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion, and $1.7 billion, respectively.
The following table outlines maturities of our long-term debt, including the current portion, as of June 30, 2025:
(In millions)
Year Ending June 30,
────────────────────────────────────
2026 3,000
2027 9,250
2028 0
2029 2,054
2030 0
Thereafter 34,902
Total 49,206

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES
Provision for Income Taxes
The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Current Taxes
U. S. federal $ 14,086 $ 12,165 $ 14,009
U. S. state and local 3,342 2,366 2,322
Foreign 11,423 9,858 6,678
Current taxes $ 28,851 $ 24,389 $ 23,009
Deferred Taxes
U. S. federal $ ( 6,250 $ ( 4,791 $ ( 6,146
U. S. state and local ( 1,087 ( 379 ( 477
Foreign 281 432 564
Deferred taxes $ ( 7,056 $ ( 4,738 $ ( 6,059
Provision for income taxes $ 21,795 $ 19,651 $ 16,950
U. S. and foreign components of income before income taxes were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
U. S. $ 69,212 $ 62,886 $ 52,917
Foreign 54,415 44,901 36,394
Income before income taxes $ 123,627 $ 107,787 $ 89,311
Effective Tax Rate
The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the U. S. federal statutory rate and our effective rate were as follows:
Year Ended June 30,
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Federal statutory rate 21.0% 21.0% 21.0%
Effect of:
Foreign earnings taxed at lower rates ( 1.5)% ( 1.4)% ( 1.8)%
Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ( 1.0)% ( 1.1)% ( 1.3)%
State income taxes, net of federal benefit 1.5% 1.5% 1.6%
Research and development credit ( 1.1)% ( 1.1)% ( 1.1)%
Excess tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation ( 0.9)% ( 1.1)% ( 0.7)%
Interest, net 1.0% 1.1% 0.8%
Other reconciling items, net ( 1.4)% ( 0.7)% 0.5%
Effective rate 17.6% 18.2% 19.0%
The decrease from the federal statutory rate in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 is primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in Ireland. In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, our foreign regional operating center in Ireland, which is taxed at a rate lower than the U. S. rate, generated81%,83%, and81% of our foreign income before tax. Other reconciling
items, net consists primarily of tax credits and the U. S. global intangible low-taxed income tax, and in fiscal year 2024, includes tax benefits from tax law changes. In fiscal year 2024, tax benefits from tax law changes primarily relate to the delay of the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations. In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, there were no individually significant other reconciling items.

PART II

Item 8

The decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was due to changes in the mix of our earnings and tax expenses between the U. S. and foreign countries. The decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to tax benefits from tax law changes, including the delay of the effective date of final foreign tax credit regulations.
The components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
(In millions)
June 30, 2025 2024
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Deferred Income Tax Assets
Stock-based compensation expense $ 909 $ 765
Accruals, reserves, and other expenses 5,050 4,381
Loss and credit carryforwards 2,114 1,741
Amortization 4,118 4,159
Leasing liabilities 12,874 6,504
Unearned revenue 4,324 3,717
Book/tax basis differences in investments and debt 303 9
Capitalized research and development 16,891 11,442
Other 529 426
Deferred income tax assets 47,112 33,144
Less valuation allowance ( 1,169 ( 1,045
Deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ 45,943 $ 32,099
Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
Leasing assets $ ( 12,696 $ ( 6,503
Depreciation ( 5,699 ( 3,940
Deferred tax on foreign earnings ( 1,148 ( 1,837
Other ( 127 ( 167
Deferred income tax liabilities $ ( 19,670 $ ( 12,447
Net deferred income tax assets $ 26,273 $ 19,652
Reported As
Other long-term assets $ 29,108 $ 22,270
Long-term deferred income tax liabilities ( 2,835 ( 2,618
Net deferred income tax assets $ 26,273 $ 19,652
Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are paid or recovered.
As of June 30, 2025, we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $390 million, $836 million, and $2.6 billion, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards have varying expiration dates ranging from fiscal year2026 to2045 or indefinite carryforward periods, if not utilized. The majority of our foreign net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. Certain acquired net operating loss carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation but are 
expected to be realized with the exception of those which have a valuation allowance. As of June 30, 2025, we had $816 million federal capital loss carryforwards for U. S. tax purposes. The federal capital loss carryforwards will expire in fiscal year2030 if not utilized.
The valuation allowance disclosed in the table above relates to the foreign net operating loss carryforwards, federal capital loss carryforwards, and other net deferred tax assets that may not be realized.
Income taxes paid, net of refunds, were $28.7 billion, $23.4 billion, and $23.1 billion in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

PART II

Item 8

Uncertain Tax Positions
Gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, were $24.7 billion, $22.8 billion, and $17.1 billion, respectively, which were primarily included in long-term income taxes in our consolidated balance sheets. If recognized, the resulting tax benefit would affect our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 by $21.2 billion, $19.6 billion, and $14.4 billion, respectively.
As of June 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we had accrued interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $8.2 billion, $6.8 billion, and $5.2 billion, respectively, net of income tax benefits. The provision for income taxes for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 included interest expense related to uncertain tax positions of $1.3 billion, $1.5 billion, and $918 million, respectively, net of income tax benefits.
The aggregate changes in the gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Beginning unrecognized tax benefits $ 22,760 $ 17,120 $ 15,593
Decreases related to settlements ( 240 ( 76 ( 329
Increases for tax positions related to the current year 2,066 1,903 1,051
Increases for tax positions related to prior years 468 4,289 870
Decreases for tax positions related to prior years ( 300 ( 464 ( 60
Decreases due to lapsed statutes of limitations ( 25 ( 12 ( 5
Ending unrecognized tax benefits $ 24,729 $ 22,760 $ 17,120
We remain under audit by the IRS for tax years2014 to 2017. With respect to the audit for tax years2004 to 2013, on September 26, 2023, we received Notices of Proposed Adjustment (“ NOPAs”) from the IRS. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing. In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. As of June 30, 2025, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the 
proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if necessary, judicial proceedings. We do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. Based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our income tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
We are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the U. S., some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. The resolution of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. Our operations in Ireland remain subject to examination for tax years2020 and thereafter.

NOTE 12 - UNEARNED REVENUE
Unearned revenue by segment was as follows:
(In millions)
June 30, 2025 2024
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Productivity and Business Processes $ 50,567 $ 43,599
Intelligent Cloud 14,022 13,683
More Personal Computing 2,676 2,902
Total $ 67,265 $ 60,184
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Refer to Note 1 - Accounting Policies for further information.

PART II

Item 8

Changes in unearned revenue were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025
──────────────────────────────────────────────────
Balance, beginning of period 60,184
Deferral of revenue 186,957
Recognition of unearned revenue ( 179,876
Balance, end of period 67,265
Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, was $375 billion as of June 30, 2025, of which $368 billion is related to the commercial portion of revenue. We expect to recognize approximately40% of our total company remaining performance obligation revenue over the next12 months and the remainder thereafter.

NOTE 13 - LEASES
We have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, Microsoft Experience Centers, and certain equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of less than1 year to20 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to5 years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within1 year.
The components of lease expense were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Operating lease cost $ 5,524 3,555 2,875
Finance lease cost:
Amortization of right-of-use assets $ 3,408 1,800 1,352
Interest on lease liabilities 1,417 734 501
Total finance lease cost $ 4,825 2,534 1,853
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2024 2023
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows from operating leases 4,931 3,550 2,706
Operating cash flows from finance leases 1,372 734 501
Financing cash flows from finance leases 2,283 1,286 1,056
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:
Operating leases 7,826 6,703 3,514
Finance leases 20,511 11,633 3,128

PART II

Item 8

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:
(In millions, except lease term and discount rate)
June 30, 2025 2024
Operating Leases
Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 24,823 $ 18,961
Other current liabilities $ 5,424 $ 3,580
Operating lease liabilities 17,437 15,497
Total operating lease liabilities $ 22,861 $ 19,077
Finance Leases
Property and equipment, at cost $ 53,876 $ 32,248
Accumulated depreciation ( 9,861 ( 6,386
Property and equipment, net $ 44,015 $ 25,862
Other current liabilities $ 3,172 $ 2,349
Other long-term liabilities 43,000 24,796
Total finance lease liabilities $ 46,172 $ 27,145
Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
Operating leases 6 years 7 years
Finance leases 13 years 12 years
Weighted Average Discount Rate
Operating leases 3.5% 3.3%
Finance leases 4.2% 3.9%
The following table outlines maturities of our lease liabilities as of June 30, 2025:
(In millions)
Year Ending June 30, Operating Finance

Leases Leases
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
2026 $ 6,111 $ 5,008
2027 5,237 5,157
2028 3,495 5,187
2029 2,419 4,521
2030 2,017 4,382
Thereafter 6,202 36,251
Total lease payments 25,481 60,506
Less imputed interest ( 2,620 ( 14,334
Total $ 22,861 $ 46,172
As of June 30, 2025, we had additional leases, primarily for datacenters, that had not yet commenced of $92.7 billion. These leases will commence between fiscal year 2026 and fiscal year 2031 with lease terms of1 year to20 years.

NOTE 14 - CONTINGENCIES
Irish Data Protection Commission Matter
In 2018, the Irish Data Protection Commission (“ IDPC”) began investigating a complaint against LinkedIn as to whether LinkedIn’s targeted advertising practices violated the recently implemented European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR”). Microsoft cooperated throughout the period of inquiry. In October 2024, the IDPC provided LinkedIn with a final decision alleging GDPR violations and assessing a fine. In November 2024, LinkedIn appealed the final decision to the Irish courts, 
and the next hearing is scheduled for December 2025.

PART II

Item 8

Other Contingencies
We also are subject to a variety of other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving claims against us, individually or in aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future.
As of June 30, 2025, we accrued aggregate legal liabilities of $541 million. While we intend to defend these matters vigorously, adverse outcomes that we estimate could reach approximately $600 million in aggregate beyond recorded amounts are reasonably possible. Were unfavorable final outcomes to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements for the period in which the effects become reasonably estimable.

NOTE 15 - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Shares Outstanding
Shares of common stock outstanding were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30,
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Balance, beginning of year 7,434 7,432 7,464
Issued 31 34 37
Repurchased ( 31 ( 32 ( 69
Balance, end of year 7,434 7,434 7,432
Share Repurchases
On September 14, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $60.0 billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in November 2021 and was completed in April 2025.
On September 16, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $60.0 billion in share repurchases. This share repurchase program commenced in April 2025, following completion of the program approved on September 14, 2021, has no expiration date, and may be terminated at any time. As of June 30, 2025, $57.3 billion remained of this $60.0 billion share repurchase program.
We repurchased the following shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs:
(In millions) Shares
Year Ended June 30, 2025
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
First Quarter 7 2,800 11 3,560 17 4,600
Second Quarter 8 3,500 7 2,800 20 4,600
Third Quarter 8 3,500 7 2,800 18 4,600
Fourth Quarter 8 3,200 7 2,800 14 4,600
Total 31 13,000 32 11,960 69 18,400
All repurchases were made using cash resources. Shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 were under the share repurchase programs approved on September 14, 2021 and September 16, 2024. All other shares repurchased were under the share repurchase program approved on September 14, 2021. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards of $5.4 billion, $5.3 billion, and $3.8 billion for fiscal years 2025, 
2024, and 2023, respectively.

PART II

Item 8

Dividends
Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends:
Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Amount
Fiscal Year 2025 (In millions)
September 16, 2024 November 21, 2024 December 12, 2024 0.83 $ 6,170
December 3, 2024 February 20, 2025 March 13, 2025 0.83 6,169
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
March 11, 2025 May 15, 2025 June 12, 2025 0.83 6,169
June 10, 2025 August 21, 2025 September 11, 2025 0.83 6,170
Total 3.32 $ 24,678
Fiscal Year 2024
September 19, 2023 November 16, 2023 December 14, 2023 0.75 $ 5,574
November 28, 2023 February 15, 2024 March 14, 2024 0.75 5,573
March 12, 2024 May 16, 2024 June 13, 2024 0.75 5,574
June 12, 2024 August 15, 2024 September 12, 2024 0.75 5,574
Total 3.00 $ 22,295
The dividend declared on June 10, 2025 was included in other current liabilities as of June 30, 2025.

NOTE 16 - ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Derivatives
Balance, beginning of period $ ( 3 $ ( 27 $ ( 13
Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax of $ 20, $( 4), and $ 9 77 ( 14 34
Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in other income (expense), net ( 103 48 ( 61
Tax expense (benefit) included in provision for income taxes 21 ( 10 13
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 82 38 ( 48
Net change related to derivatives, net of tax of $( 1), $ 6, and $( 4) ( 5 24 ( 14
Balance, end of period $ ( 8 $ ( 3 $ ( 27
Investments
Balance, beginning of period $ ( 2,625 $ ( 3,582 $ ( 2,138
Unrealized gains (losses), net of tax of $ 411, $ 247, and $( 393) 1,560 915 ( 1,523
Reclassification adjustments for losses included in other income (expense), net 17 53 99
Tax benefit included in provision for income taxes ( 3 ( 11 ( 20
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 14 42 79
Net change related to investments, net of tax of $ 414, $ 258, and $( 373) 1,574 957 ( 1,444
Balance, end of period $ ( 1,051 $ ( 2,625 $ ( 3,582
Translation Adjustments and Other
Balance, beginning of period $ ( 2,962 $ ( 2,734 $ ( 2,527
Translation adjustments and other, net of tax of $ 8, $ 0, and $ 0 674 ( 228 ( 207
Balance, end of period $ ( 2,288 $ ( 2,962 $ ( 2,734
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of period $ ( 3,347 $ ( 5,590 $ ( 6,343

PART II

Item 8

NOTE 17 - EMPLOYEE STOCK AND SAVINGS PLANS
We grant stock-based compensation to employees and directors. Awards that expire or are canceled without delivery of shares generally become available for issuance under the plans. We issue new shares of Microsoft common stock to satisfy vesting of awards granted under our stock plans. We also have an ESPP for all eligible employees.
Stock-based compensation expense and related income tax benefits were as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30,
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Stock-based compensation expense 11,974 10,734 9,611
Income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation 2,027 1,826 1,651
Stock Plans
Stock awards entitle the holder to receive shares of Microsoft common stock as the award vests. Stock awards generally vest over a service period of four years or five years.
Executive Incentive Plan
Under the Executive Incentive Plan, the Compensation Committee approves stock awards to executive officers and certain senior executives. RSUs generally vest ratably over a service period of four years. PSUs generally vest over a performance period of three years. The number of shares the PSU holder receives is based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved.
Activity for All Stock Plans
The fair value of stock awards was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
Year Ended June 30,
Dividends per share (quarterly amounts) 0.75 - 0.83 0.68 - 0.75 0.62 - 0.68
Interest rates 3.4% - 5.5% 3.8% - 5.6% 2.0% - 5.4%
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
During fiscal year 2025, the following activity occurred under our stock plans:
Shares Weighted Average
(In millions)
Stock Awards
Nonvested balance, beginning of year 88 $ 292.28
Granted (a) 39 413.90
Vested ( 38 293.25
Forfeited ( 7 317.23
Nonvested balance, end of year 82 $ 347.44
(a)
Includes 1 million of PSUs granted at target and performance adjustments above target levels for each of the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023.
As of June 30, 2025, total unrecognized compensation costs related to stock awards were $21.6 billion. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of three years. The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock awards granted was $413.90, $339.46, and $252.59 for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The fair value of stock awards vested was $16.2 billion, $16.0 billion, and $11.9 billion, for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of June
30, 2025, an aggregate of98 million shares were authorized for future grant under our stock plans.

PART II

Item 8

Employee Stock Purchase Plan
We have an ESPP for all eligible employees. Shares of our common stock may be purchased by employees at three-month intervals at90% of the fair market value on the last trading day of each three-month period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding15% of their gross compensation during an offering period.
Employees purchased the following shares during the periods presented:
(Shares in millions)
Year Ended June 30,
Shares purchased
Average price per share
As of June 30, 2025,62 million shares of our common stock were reserved for future issuance through the ESPP.
Savings Plans
We have savings plans in the U. S. that qualify under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, and a number of savings plans in international locations. Eligible U. S. employees may contribute a portion of their salary into the savings plans, subject to certain limitations. We match a portion of each dollar a participant contributes into the plans. Employer-funded retirement benefits for all plans were $1.8 billion, $1.7 billion, and $1.6 billion in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, 
respectively, and were expensed as contributed.

NOTE 18 - SEGMENT INFORMATION AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA
In its operation of the business, management, including our chief operating decision maker (“ CODM”), who is also ourChief Executive Officer, reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements. The primary profitability measure used by the CODM to review segment operating results is operating income. The CODM uses operating income to allocate resources during our annual planning process and throughout the year, as well as to assess the performance of 
our segments, primarily by monitoring actual results compared to prior periods and expected results. During the periods presented, we reported our financial performance based on the following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing.
We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business. Refer to Note 1 - Accounting Policies for further information.
Our reportable segments are described below.
Productivity and Business Processes
Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:
•
Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises.
•
Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services.
•
LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.
•
Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications.

PART II

Item 8

Intelligent Cloud
Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:
•
Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services, comprising cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Nuance Healthcare cloud services, virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; and Server products, comprising SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, related Client Access Licenses (“ CALs”), and other on-premises offerings.
•
Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience.
More Personal Computing
Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:
•
Windows and Devices, including Windows OEM licensing (Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel) and Devices, comprising Surface and PC accessories.
•
Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services.
•
Search and news advertising, comprising Bing and Copilot, Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates.
Revenue and costs are generally directly attributed to our segments. However, due to the integrated structure of our business, certain revenue recognized and costs incurred by one segment may benefit other segments. Revenue from certain contracts is allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying products and services, which can include allocation based on actual prices charged, prices when sold separately, or estimated costs plus a profit margin. Cost of revenue is 
allocated in certain cases based on a relative revenue methodology. Operating expenses that are allocated primarily include those relating to marketing of products and services from which multiple segments benefit and are generally allocated based on relative gross margin.
In addition, certain costs are incurred at a corporate level and allocated to our segments. These allocated costs generally include legal, including settlements and fines, information technology, human resources, finance, excise taxes, field selling, shared facilities services, customer service and support, and severance incurred as part of a corporate program. Each allocation is measured differently based on the specific facts and circumstances of the costs being allocated and is generally 
based on relative gross margin or relative headcount.

PART II

Item 8

Segment revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, and operating income were as follows during the periods presented:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Productivity and Business Processes
Revenue $ 120,810 $ 106,820 $ 94,151
Cost of revenue 22,422 19,611 17,202
Operating expenses 28,615 27,548 26,875
Operating Income $ 69,773 $ 59,661 $ 50,074
Intelligent Cloud
Revenue $ 106,265 $ 87,464 $ 72,944
Cost of revenue 40,171 29,611 24,109
Operating expenses 21,505 20,040 20,424
Operating Income $ 44,589 $ 37,813 $ 28,411
More Personal Computing
Revenue $ 54,649 $ 50,838 $ 44,820
Cost of revenue 25,238 24,892 24,552
Operating expenses 15,245 13,987 10,230
Operating Income $ 14,166 $ 11,959 $ 10,038
Total
Revenue $ 281,724 $ 245,122 $ 211,915
Cost of revenue 87,831 74,114 65,863
Operating expenses 65,365 61,575 57,529
Operating Income $ 128,528 $ 109,433 $ 88,523
No sales to an individual customer or country other than the United States accounted for more than 10% of revenue for fiscal years 2025, 2024, or 2023. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers were located, was as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
United States (a) $ 144,546 $ 124,704 $ 106,744
Other countries 137,178 120,418 105,171
Total $ 281,724 $ 245,122 $ 211,915
(a)
Includes billings to OEMs and certain multinational organizations because of the nature of these businesses and the impracticability of determining the geographic source of the revenue.

PART II

Item 8

Revenue, classified by significant product and service offerings, was as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended June 30, 2025 2024 2023
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Server products and cloud services $ 98,435 $ 79,828 $ 65,007
Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services 87,767 76,969 66,949
Gaming 23,455 21,503 15,466
LinkedIn 17,812 16,372 14,989
Windows and Devices 17,314 17,026 17,147
Search and news advertising 13,878 12,306 12,125
Dynamics products and cloud services 7,827 6,831 5,796
Enterprise and partner services 7,760 7,594 7,900
Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services 7,404 6,648 6,417
Other 72 45 119
Total $ 281,724 $ 245,122 $ 211,915
Our Microsoft Cloud revenue, which includes Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, Azure and other cloud services, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, and Dynamics 365, was $168.9 billion, $137.7 billion, and $111.6 billion in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. These amounts are included in Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, Server products and cloud services, LinkedIn, and Dynamics products and cloud services in the table above.
Assets are not allocated to segments for internal reporting presentations. A portion of amortization and depreciation is included with various other costs in an overhead allocation to each segment. It is impracticable for us to separately identify the amount of amortization and depreciation by segment that is included in the measure of segment profit or loss.
Long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments and tax assets, classified by the location of the controlling statutory company and with countries over 10% of the total shown separately, were as follows:
(In millions)
June 30, 2025 2024 2023
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
United States $ 230,069 $ 186,106 $ 114,380
Other countries 141,833 115,263 72,859
Total $ 371,902 $ 301,369 $ 187,239

PART II

Item 8

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established inInternal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated July 30, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U. S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included 
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a 
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

PART II

Item 8

Revenue Recognition - Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers the ability to acquire multiple licenses of software products and services, including cloud-based services, in its customer agreements through its volume licensing programs.

Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for certain customer agreements, and includes the following:

• Determination of whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together, such as software licenses and related services that are sold with cloud-based services.

• The pattern of delivery (i. e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation.

• Identification and treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized (e. g., variable consideration, optional purchases, and free services).

• Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that are not sold separately.

Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit effort in evaluating management's judgments in determining revenue recognition for certain customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition for certain customer agreements included the following:

• We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the identification of distinct performance obligations, the determination of the timing of revenue recognition, and the estimation of variable consideration.

• We evaluated management's significant accounting policies related to certain customer agreements for reasonableness.

• We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures:

o

Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement.

o

Tested management's identification and treatment of contract terms.

o

Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management's application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions.

• We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and services that are not sold separately.

• We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements.

PART II

Item 8

Income Taxes - Uncertain Tax Positions - Refer to Note 11 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company’s long-term income taxes liability includes uncertain tax positions related to transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the Internal Revenue Service (“ IRS”). The Company remains under IRS audit, or subject to IRS audit, for tax years subsequent to 2003. During fiscal year 2024, the Company received Notices of Proposed Adjustments (“ NOPAs”) for the tax years 2004 to 2013, primarily related to intercompany transfer pricing. While the Company has settled a portion of the 
IRS audits, resolution of the remaining matters could have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.

Conclusions on recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions involve significant estimates and management judgment and include complex considerations of the Internal Revenue Code, related regulations, tax case laws, and prior-year audit settlements. Given the complexity and the subjective nature of certain transfer pricing issues that remain unresolved with the IRS, evaluating management’s estimates relating to their determination of uncertain tax positions required a high degree of auditor 
judgment, including involvement of our tax specialists.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management’s estimates of uncertain tax positions related to unresolved transfer pricing issues included the following:

• We evaluated management’s methods and assumptions used in the measurement and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, which included testing the effectiveness of the related internal controls.

• We tested the reasonableness of management’s judgments regarding the future resolution of uncertain tax positions, as follows:

o

We evaluated whether management had appropriately considered new information that could significantly change the measurement of the uncertain tax positions.

o

We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates by considering how changes in tax law, including statutes, regulations, and recent case law, impacted management’s judgments.

• We evaluated the appropriateness of the disclosures in relation to the underlying facts, judgments, and conclusions.

/s/DELOITTE& TOUCHELLP

Seattle, Washington

July 30, 2025

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1983.

PART II

Item 9, 9A

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL C ONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and 
fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected.

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework inInternal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2025. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June
30, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025; their report is included in Item 9A.

PART II

Item 9A

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Microsoft Corporation and subsidiaries (the “ Company”) as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established inInternal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established inInternal Control - 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2025, of the Company and our report dated July 30, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be 
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U. S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ D ELOITTE& T OUCHE LLP

Seattle, Washington

July 30, 2025

PART II, III

Item 9B, 9C, 10, 11, 12, 13

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Insider Trading Arrangements

None of our officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, adopted, modified, or terminated a“Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “ non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the three months ended June 30, 2025.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN J URISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A list of our executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors may be found under the caption “ Our Director Nominees” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held December 5, 2025 (the “ Proxy Statement”). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under the caption “ Board Committees” in the Proxy Statement. Information about our trading policies and procedures can be found under the
caption “ Insider Trading Policies and Procedures” in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted the Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct (the “finance code of ethics”), a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other finance organization employees. The finance code of ethics is publicly available on our website at https://aka. ms/FinanceCodeProfessionalConduct. If we make any substantive amendments to the finance code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a 
provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K.

We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement under the caption “ Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “ Director Compensation,” “ Named Executive Officer Compensation,” “ Compensation Committee Report,” and, if required, “ Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWN ERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions “ Stock Ownership Information,” “ Principal Shareholders,” and “ Equity Compensation Plan Information” is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATEDTRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions “ Director Independence” and “ Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” is incorporated herein by reference.

PART III

Item 14

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Information concerning fees and services provided by our principal accountant, Deloitte & Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34), appears in the Proxy Statement under the headings “ Fees Billed by Deloitte & Touche” and “ Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor” and is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV

Item 15

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANC IAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)

Financial Statements and Schedules

The financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, as indexed below. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they either are not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included.

  Index to Financial Statements                                Page  
  Income Statements                                              50  
  Comprehensive Income Statements                                51  
  Balance Sheets                                                 52  
  Cash Flows Statements                                          53  
  Stockholders’ Equity Statements                                54  
  Notes to Financial Statements                                  55  
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm        86  

(b)

Exhibit Listing

  Exhibit      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form        Exhibit      Filing Date  
      3.1      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Microsoft Corporation                                                                                                                                   8-K             3.1      12/1/2016    
      3.2      Bylaws of Microsoft Corporation                                                                                                                                                                           8-K             3.2      7/1/2025     
      4.1      Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee (“ Base Indenture”)                                                   S-3ASR          4.1      10/29/2015   
      4.2      Form of First Supplemental Indenture for 2.95% Notes due 2014, 4.20% Notes due 2019, and 5.20% Notes due 2039, dated as of May 18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York M...      8-K             4.2      5/15/2009    
      4.5      Form of Second Supplemental Indenture for 0.875% Notes due 2013, 1.625% Notes due 2015, 3.00% Notes due 2020, and 4.50% Notes due 2040, dated as of September 27, 2010, between Microsoft Corpora...      8-K             4.2      9/27/2010    

PART IV

Item 15

  Exhibit      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form      Exhibit      Filing Date  
      4.6      Third Supplemental Indenture for 2.500% Notes due 2016, 4.000% Notes due 2021, and 5.300% Notes due 2041, dated as of February 8, 2011, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Me...      8-K           4.2      2/8/2011     
      4.7      Fourth Supplemental Indenture for 0.875% Notes due 2017, 2.125% Notes due 2022, and 3.500% Notes due 2042, dated as of November 7, 2012, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York M...      8-K           4.1      11/7/2012    
      4.8      Fifth Supplemental Indenture for 2.625% Notes due 2033, dated as of May 2, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee, to the Indenture...      8-K           4.1      5/1/2013     
      4.9      Sixth Supplemental Indenture for 1.000% Notes due 2018, 2.375% Notes due 2023, and 3.750% Notes due 2043, dated as of May 2, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon ...      8-K           4.2      5/1/2013     
     4.10      Seventh Supplemental Indenture for 2.125% Notes due 2021 and 3.125% Notes due 2028, dated as of December 6, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N....      8-K           4.1      12/6/2013    

PART IV

Item 15

  Exhibit      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form      Exhibit      Filing Date  
     4.11      Eighth Supplemental Indenture for 1.625% Notes due 2018, 3.625% Notes due 2023, and 4.875% Notes due 2043, dated as of December 6, 2013, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York M...      8-K           4.2      12/6/2013    
     4.12      Ninth Supplemental Indenture for 1.850% Notes due 2020, 2.375% Notes due 2022, 2.700% Notes due 2025, 3.500% Notes due 2035, 3.750% Notes due 2045, and 4.000% Notes due 2055, dated as of Februa...      8-K           4.1      2/12/2015    
     4.13      Tenth Supplemental Indenture for 1.300% Notes due 2018, 2.000% Notes due 2020, 2.650% Notes due 2022, 3.125% Notes due 2025, 4.200% Notes due 2035, 4.450% Notes due 2045, and 4.750% Notes due 2...      8-K           4.1      11/3/2015    
     4.14      Eleventh Supplemental Indenture for 1.100% Notes due 2019, 1.550% Notes due 2021, 2.000% Notes due 2023, 2.400% Notes due 2026, 3.450% Notes due 2036, 3.700% Notes due 2046, and 3.950% Notes du...      8-K           4.1      8/5/2016     

PART IV

Item 15

  Exhibit      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form      Exhibit      Filing Date  
     4.15      Twelfth Supplemental Indenture for 1.850% Notes due 2020, 2.400% Notes due 2022, 2.875% Notes due 2024, 3.300% Notes due 2027, 4.100% Notes due 2037, 4.250% Notes due 2047, and 4.500% Notes due...      8-K           4.1      2/3/2017     
     4.16      Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture for 2.525% Notes due 2050 and 2.675% Notes due 2060, dated as of June 1, 2020, between Microsoft Corporation and U. S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, t...      8-K           4.1      6/1/2020     
     4.17      Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture for 2.921% Notes due 2052 and 3.041% Notes due 2062, dated as of March 17, 2021, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N...      8-K           4.1      3/17/2021    
     4.18      Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2023, by and between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee                                     8-K           4.2      11/6/2023    
     4.19      Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Se...      8-K           4.9      11/6/2023    
     4.20      Base Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Sen...      8-K          4.10      11/6/2023    

PART IV

Item 15

  Exhibit      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Form        Period         Exhibit      Filing Date  
  4.21         First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc...      8-K                           4.11      11/6/2023    
  4.22         Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2020, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard,...      8-K                           4.12      11/6/2023    
  4.23         First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N. A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% S...      8-K                           4.13      11/6/2023    
  4.24         Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N. A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% S...      8-K                           4.14      11/6/2023    
  4.25         Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N. A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 1.350% ...      8-K                           4.15      11/6/2023    
  4.26         Description of Securities                                                                                                                                                                                 10-K        6/30/2024         4.26      7/30/2024    
  10.1*        Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan                                                                                                                                                                     10-Q        9/30/2016         10.1      10/20/2016   
  10.2*        Microsoft Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan                                                                                                                                                        DEF14A                     Annex A      10/14/2021   
  10.3*        Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan                                                                                                                                                          10-K        6/30/2024         10.5      7/30/2024    
  10.4*        Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan                                                                                                                                                                     DEF14A                     Annex C      10/16/2017   
  10.5*        Form of Stock Award Agreement Under the Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan                                                                                                                             10-Q        3/31/2018        10.26      4/26/2018    
  10.6*        Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement Under the Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan                                                                                                                 10-Q        3/31/2018        10.27      4/26/2018    
  10.7         Amended and Restated Officers’ Indemnification Trust Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as trustee                                                                                                  

PART IV

Item 15

  Exhibit      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                                       Filed         Form      Period          Exhibit      Filing Date  
  10.8         Form of Indemnification Agreement and Amended and Restated Directors’ Indemnification Trust Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as trustee      X                                                                 
  10.9*        Microsoft Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors                                                                                                                                             10-Q      12/31/2017        10.14      1/31/2018    
  10.10*       Microsoft Corporation Executive Incentive Plan                                                                                                                                                                          8-K                          10.1      9/19/2018    
  10.11*       Microsoft Corporation Executive Incentive Plan                                                                                                                                                                          10-Q      9/30/2016         10.17      10/20/2016   
  10.12*       Form of Executive Incentive Plan (Executive Officer SAs) Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan                                                                                          10-Q      9/30/2016         10.18      10/20/2016   
  10.13*       Form of Executive Incentive Plan Performance Stock Award Agreement under the Microsoft Corporation 2001 Stock Plan                                                                                                      10-Q      9/30/2016         10.25      10/20/2016   
  10.14*       Senior Executive Severance Benefit Plan                                                                                                                                                                                 10-Q      9/30/2016         10.22      10/20/2016   
  10.15*       Offer Letter, dated February 3, 2014, between Microsoft Corporation and Satya Nadella                                                                                                                                   8-K                          10.1      2/4/2014     
  10.16*       Long-Term Performance Stock Award Agreement between Microsoft Corporation and Satya Nadella                                                                                                                             10-Q      12/31/2014        10.24      1/26/2015    
  10.17*       Offer Letter, dated October 25, 2020, between Microsoft Corporation and Christopher Young                                                                                                                               10-Q      9/30/2021         10.27      10/26/2021   
  19.1         General Insider Trading Policy                                                                                                                                                                                          10-K      6/30/2024          19.1      7/30/2024    
  19.2         Restricted Trading Window Policy                                                                                                                                                                                        10-K      6/30/2024          19.2      7/30/2024    
  19.3         Insider Trading Compliance and Preclearance Policies for Section 16 Officers and Directors of Microsoft                                                                                                                 10-K      6/30/2024          19.3      7/30/2024    
  21           Subsidiaries of Registrant                                                                                                                                                                                X                                                                 
  23.1         Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                                                                                                                                  X                                                                 
  31.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                                                        X                                                                 
  31.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                                                        X                                                                 
  32.1**       Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                                                        X                                                                 

PART IV

Item 15

  Exhibit       Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                 Filed         Form      Period         Exhibit      Filing Date  
  32.2**        Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                  X                                                                
  97.1*         Microsoft Corporation Executive Compensation Recovery Policy                                                                                                                      10-K      6/30/2024      97.1         7/30/2024    
  101. INS      Inline XBRL Instance Document—the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document      X                                                                
  101. SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents                                                                                              X                                                                
  104           Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101                                                                                                    X                                                                

* Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

** Furnished, not filed.

PART IV

Item 16

ITEM 16. FORM10-K SUMMARY

None.

SIGNAT URES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redmond, State of Washington, on July 30, 2025.

  M ICROSOFT C ORPORATION                                                               
  /s/ A LICE L. J OLLA                                                                  
  Alice L. Jolla                                                                        
  Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the capacities indicated on July 30, 2025.

  Signature                        Title                                                  
  /s/ S ATYA N ADELLA              Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                   
  Satya Nadella                                                                           
  /s/ R EID G. H OFFMAN            Director                                               
  Reid G. Hoffman                                                                         
  /s/ H UGH F. J OHNSTON           Director                                               
  Hugh F. Johnston                                                                        
  /s/ T ERI L. L IST               Director                                               
  Teri L. List                                                                            
  /s/ C ATHERINE M AC G REGOR      Director                                               
  Catherine MacGregor                                                                     
  /s/ M ARK A. L. M ASON           Director                                               
  Mark A. L. Mason                                                                        
  /s/ S ANDRA E. P ETERSON         Lead Independent Director                              
  Sandra E. Peterson                                                                      
  /s/ P ENNY S. P RITZKER          Director                                               
  Penny S. Pritzker                                                                       
  /s/ C ARLOS A. R ODRIGUEZ        Director                                               
  Carlos A. Rodriguez                                                                     
  /s/ C HARLES W. S CHARF          Director                                               
  Charles W. Scharf                                                                       
  /s/ J OHN W. S TANTON            Director                                               
  John W. Stanton                                                                         
  /s/ E MMA N. W ALMSLEY           Director                                               
  Emma N. Walmsley                                                                        
  /s/ A MY E. H OOD                Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
  Amy E. Hood                                                                             
  /s/ A LICE L. J OLLA             Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  
  Alice L. Jolla
