Table of Contents

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

____________________________________________________________________________________________

FORM 10-K

  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the fiscal year ended January 25, 2026

OR

  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Commission file number: 0-23985

NVIDIA CORP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

  Delaware                                                94-3177549           
  (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I. R. S. Employer   
  incorporation or organization)                          Identification No.)  
  2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California      95051                
  (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)           

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408 486-2000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

  Title of each class                           Trading Symbol(s)      Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share      NVDA                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer," “accelerated filer," “smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

  Large accelerated filer      Accelerated filer      Non-accelerated filer      Smaller reporting company      Emerging growth company  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U. S. C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 25, 2025 was approximately $ 4.0

The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 20, 2026 was 24.3

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Table of Contents

NVIDIA Corporation


                                                                                                                                    Page  
                  Part I                                                                                                                  
  Item 1.         Business                                                                                                             4  
  Item 1A.        Risk Factors                                                                                                        12  
  Item 1B.        Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                                           32  
  Item 1C         Cybersecurity                                                                                                       32  
  Item 2.         Properties                                                                                                          33  
  Item 3.         Legal Proceedings                                                                                                   33  
  Item 4.         Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                             33  
                  Part II                                                                                                                 
  Item 5.         Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        33  
  Item 6.         [Reserved]                                                                                                          35  
  Item 7.         Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                               36  
  Item 7A.        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                          44  
  Item 8.         Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                                         45  
  Item 9.         Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                                45  
  Item 9A.        Controls and Procedures                                                                                             45  
  Item 9B.        Other Information                                                                                                   46  
  Item 9C.        Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                                                 46  
                  Part III                                                                                                                
  Item 10.        Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                                              46  
  Item 11.        Executive Compensation                                                                                              47  
  Item 12.        Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters                      47  
  Item 13.        Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                                           47  
  Item 14.        Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                                              47  
                  Part IV                                                                                                                 
  Item 15.        Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                                          48  
  Item 16.        Form 10-K Summary                                                                                                   83  
  Signatures                                                                                                                          84  


Where You Can Find More Information

Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a means of disclosing information about the company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industry conferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obligations 
under Regulation FD:

NVIDIA Corporate Blog (blogs. nvidia. com/)

NVIDIA Technical Blog (developer. nvidia. com/blog/)

NVIDIA LinkedIn (linkedin. com/company/nvidia)

NVIDIA Facebook (facebook. com/nvidia)

NVIDIA Instagram (instagram. com/nvidia)

NVIDIA X (x. com/nvidia)

NVIDIA Threads (threads. com/@nvidia)

NVIDIA Investor Relations (investor. nvidia. com)

NVIDIA YouTube (YouTube. com/nvidia).

The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time to time. The information we post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “goal,” 
“would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential,” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of 
these risks, uncertainties, and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the heading “ Risk Factors.” Given these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and understand that our actual future results may be materially 
different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.

All references to “ NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “ Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all 
potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.

© 2026 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.


Part I

Item 1. Business

Our Company

NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA is now a data center scale AI infrastructure company reshaping all industries.

Our technology stack includes the foundational NVIDIA CUDA development platform that runs on all NVIDIA GPUs, as well as hundreds of domain-specific software libraries, frameworks, algorithms, software development kits, or SDKs, and application programming interfaces, or APIs. This deep and broad software stack accelerates the performance and facilitates the deployment of NVIDIA accelerated computing for computationally intensive workloads such as artificial intelligence, or AI, model training 
and inference, data analytics, scientific computing, robotics, and 3D graphics, with vertical-specific optimizations to address industries ranging from healthcare and telecom to automotive and manufacturing.

Introduced with the Blackwell architecture, our data-center-scale offerings feature extreme co-design where the infrastructure’s chips, networking, systems, software, and algorithms are holistically architected and optimized to maximize performance and scale. Hundreds of thousands of GPUs can be interconnected to function as a single giant computer. This type of data center architecture and scale is needed for the development and deployment of modern AI and accelerated computing applications.

The GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates human intelligence, enabling a deeper understanding of language, science, and the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by tens of thousands of computing cores, are essential for deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data, can serve as the brain of computers, 
robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive, understand and reason about the world. GPU-powered AI solutions are being developed by thousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that would have been immensely difficult or even impossible with traditional coding. Examples include generative AI, which can create new content such as text, code, images, audio, video, molecule structures, and recommendation systems; and agentic AI where systems of AI models work in concert to 
automatically complete a task.

NVIDIA has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, systems, software, algorithms, libraries, AI models and training data sets, and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying programmable architecture allowing us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally 
or by third-party developers and partners. The large and growing number of developers and installed base across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform for our customers.

Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $76.7 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential to modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market and redefined computer graphics. With our introduction of CUDA in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU to a broad range of compute-intensive applications, paving the way for the emergence of modern AI. In 2012, the AlexNet 
neural network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition, marking the “ Big Bang” moment of AI. We introduced our first Tensor Core GPU in 2017, built from the ground-up for the new era of AI, and our first autonomous driving system-on-chips, or SoC, in 2018. Our acquisition of Mellanox in 2020 expanded our offerings to include networking, enabled our platforms to be data center scale, and led to the introduction of a new processor class - the data 
processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years, we have built full software stacks that run on top of our GPUs and CUDA to bring AI to the world’s largest industries, including NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous driving, Clara for healthcare, Omniverse for physical AI applications, and NVIDIA AI Enterprise software - essentially an operating system for enterprise AI applications. In 2023, we introduced our first data center CPU, Grace, built for giant-scale AI and high-performance computing, or 
HPC. In 2024, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture - connecting 36 Grace CPUs and 72 Blackwell GPUs in a data center scale, liquid-cooled design - for real-time trillion-parameter inference and training. In fiscal year 2026, we launched and scaled the NVIDIA Blackwell Ultra platform, optimized for agentic, reasoning, and physical AI. Building on the architectural breakthroughs of Blackwell and leveraging Dynamo inference software, it delivers a significant increase in token throughput 
and reduction in cost per token compared to the Hopper generation. More recently, in support of market development, we have accelerated the release cadence of our open AI model platforms including NVIDIA Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI. With a strong engineering culture, we drive fast, yet harmonized, product and technology innovations in all dimensions of computing including silicon, systems, networking, software and algorithms. More than half of our engineers work on 
software.

All major cloud service providers, or CSPs, AI model makers, and enterprises use our data center-scale infrastructure and computing platforms to accelerate the services and offerings they deliver to billions of end users and customers, including AI solutions and assistants, AI foundation models, advertising, search, recommendation systems, social


networking, data processing, online shopping, live video, and translation. AI model makers use our infrastructure and software hosted at CSPs to develop, build and run AI models, product offerings, and services.

Enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our accelerated computing platforms to build new generative and agentic AI-enabled products and services, and/or to dramatically accelerate and reduce the costs of their workloads and workflows. The enterprise software industry uses them for new AI assistants, chatbots, and agents; the transportation industry for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry for accelerated and computer-aided drug discovery; and the financial services
industry for customer support and fraud detection.

Researchers and developers use our computing solutions to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. With support for 6,000 applications, NVIDIA computing enables some of the most promising areas of discovery, from climate prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs and networking, NVIDIA powers over 78% of the supercomputers on the global TOP500 list, including 9 of the top 10 
systems on the Green500 list.

Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. In addition to serving the growing number of gamers, the market for PC GPUs is expanding because of the growing population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists, and creators. With the advent of generative and agentic AI, we expect a broader set of PC users to choose NVIDIA GPUs for running these applications locally on their PC, which is critical for privacy, latency, and cost-sensitive AI applications.

Professional artists, architects and designers use NVIDIA partner products accelerated with our GPUs and software platform for a range of creative, engineering, and design use cases, such as creating visual effects in movies or designing buildings and products. In addition, generative and agentic AI is expanding the market for our workstation-class GPUs, as more enterprise customers develop and deploy AI applications with their data on-premises.

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.

Our Businesses

We report our business results in two segments.

The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing and networking platforms and AI solutions and software, and Automotive platforms and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions including software.

The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, and Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics.

Our Markets

We specialize in markets where our computing and AI infrastructure platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.

Data Center

The NVIDIA Data Center platform is focused on accelerating compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data processing, graphics, robotics, and scientific computing, delivering superior total cost of ownership relative to conventional CPU-only approaches. It is deployed in cloud, hyperscale, on-premises and edge data centers. The platform consists of data center compute and networking infrastructure offerings typically delivered to customers as rack-scale systems, subsystems, or modules, along with
software and services.

Our Data Center infrastructure systems include supercomputing platforms and servers, bringing together our higher performance, energy efficient GPUs, CPUs, interconnects, and fully optimized AI and HPC software stacks. In addition, they include a growing body of acceleration libraries, AI models and training data sets, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.

Our networking offerings include NVLink interconnects and switches, end-to-end platforms for InfiniBand and Ethernet, consisting of network adapters, cables, DPUs, switch chips and systems, as well as software. This has enabled us to architect data center-scale computing platforms that can interconnect up to hundreds of thousands of compute nodes with high-performance networking. Fueled by an expansion in AI and HPC workloads, the data center has become the new unit of computing, with networking
as an integral part. In fiscal year 2026, we introduced NVIDIA NVLink Fusion to enable hyperscalers and custom ASIC designers to integrate custom CPUs and XPUs with our platform.

Our customers include all major public and private cloud providers, AI model makers, enterprises and startups, and public sector entities. We work with industry leaders to help build or transform their applications and data center infrastructure. Some of our direct customers include original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or


ODMs, system integrators and distributors which we partner with to help bring our products to market. We also have partnerships in automotive, healthcare, financial services, manufacturing, retail, and technology among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI.

At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training and inferencing of neural networks. These Data Center systems are extreme co-designed with the GPU, CPU, NVLink switch, DPU, NIC, and scale-out networking along with software stacks and algorithms to deliver data center-scale computing solutions.

While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the CUDA development platform, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, AI models and training data sets, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.

In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing and networking platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and workstations.

In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture, a full set of data center scale infrastructure that includes GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, interconnects, switch chips and systems, and networking adapters. Blackwell excels at processing cutting edge generative AI and accelerated computing workloads with market leading performance and efficiency. Offered in a number of configurations, for customers across industries and a diverse set of AI and accelerated computing use cases. In fiscal 
year 2026, we unveiled the NVIDIA Rubin platform, which is expected to commence production shipments in the second half of fiscal year 2027. Built for agentic AI and reasoning, it excels at processing multi-step problem-solving and massive long-context workflows, delivering up to a 10x reduction in cost per token compared to Blackwell.

For physical AI, we provide an end-to-end platform spanning data center infrastructure, open models, systems, embedded compute modules, and software stacks to train, simulate, and deploy advanced automation and robotics solutions.

Gaming

Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new high production value games, the continued rise of eSports, social connectivity and the increasing popularity of game streamers, modders, or gamers who remaster games, and creators.

Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming service, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.

Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering, and deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while generating high-quality images for games. RTX GPUs also feature NVIDIA tensor core technology making them well suited to accelerate a new generation of on-device AI 
applications.

In fiscal year 2025, we announced the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to boost game performance, image quality, and interactivity, as well as the next generation of our DLSS technology powered by a new transformer model architecture. In fiscal year 2026, we launched and scaled Blackwell architecture for gaming and GeForce NOW.

Professional Visualization

We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design, engineering, and digital content creation across a wide range of industry verticals. Additionally, the increasing number of generative and agentic AI applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI
and data processing capabilities of our RTX PRO GPUs.

Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX PRO GPUs and software. As these applications increasingly integrate AI, these GPUs are used and leverage the same Tensor Core technology found in our Data Center solutions.

Automotive

Automotive is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving from the cloud to the car. Leveraging our technology leadership in AI and building on long-standing relationships across several hundred automotive ecosystem partners, we are delivering a full stack end-to-end solution for the AV market under the DRIVE Hyperion platform. This platform consists of development infrastructure, high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware


running an in-vehicle operating system (DRIVE OS), a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.

Business Strategies

NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:

Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. It can help solve problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, algorithm, and software layers. This full-stack innovation
approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged 
investments in research and development: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.

Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers - GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our 
GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position.

In addition, we offer NVIDIA AI Enterprise - a comprehensive software suite designed to simplify the development and deployment of production-grade, end-to-end generative AI applications. NVIDIA AI Enterprise includes: NVIDIA NIM, which increases token throughput using industry-leading open and proprietary models; NVIDIA NeMo, a complete solution for curating, fine-tuning, reinforcement learning, evaluating, and safeguarding domain-adapted models; and AI Blueprints, pre-built, runnable templates
that help enterprises build, optimize, and deploy AI agents while preserving privacy. These tools enable organizations to securely develop and run AI applications on NVIDIA-accelerated infrastructure anywhere.

Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem. Our computing platforms are available from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 7.5 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We are the leader in accelerating and releasing open AI models which enterprises, sovereigns, and startups can leverage to develop and run 
applications on our platform. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and tens of thousands of startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform.

Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as 
developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all RTX-class GPUs. Blackwell GPUs’ advanced AI and neural rendering capabilities combined with NVIDIA’s world-class AI software stacks significantly accelerate AI workloads running locally on PCs. Omniverse is real-time 3D design 
collaboration and virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers, and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications.

Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric vehicles, or EV, is revolutionizing the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as reasoning, perception, localization, and planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented from the ground up 
based on automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our partnerships across the transportation industry including with automotive OEMs, mobility service providers, robotaxis, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air software updates. We 
believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving.


Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners through license and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products or have us do so through a custom development. Such license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.

Sales and Marketing

Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computing platforms and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with customers and various industry ecosystems through our partner network. Our partner network incorporates global, regional and specialized CSPs, OEMs, ODMs, ISVs, global system integrators, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs, distributors, 
automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants.

Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers and solution architects to provide pre-sales assistance to our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. For example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to enable our customers to optimize their hardware and software infrastructure for generative and agentic AI and LLM 
training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and enterprise software developers to enable our customers to optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and services, and with enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We believe that the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network’s time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer 
satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform.

To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and game titles 
that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations around the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.

Seasonality

Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our desktop gaming products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not repeat.

Manufacturing

We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and 
risks associated with owning and operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance, marketing, and customer support. In periods of growth, we may place non-cancellable inventory 
orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums, or provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so.

We have expanded our supplier relationships to build redundancy and resilience in our operations to provide long-term manufacturing capacity aligned with growing customer demand. While currently our supply chain is mainly concentrated in Asia, we are expanding into the U. S. and Latin America. We utilize foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., or Samsung, to produce our semiconductor wafers. We purchase memory from SK 
Hynix Inc., Micron Technology, Inc., and Samsung. We utilize CoWoS technology for semiconductor packaging. We engage with independent subcontractors and contract manufacturers such as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Wistron Corporation, and Fabrinet to perform assembly, testing and packaging of our final products.

Competition

The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believe that the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distribution channels, software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believe that our ability to remain competitive will depend on
how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners will


demand and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide better performance or additional features not provided by our products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share.

A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, embedded SoCs, and other accelerated, AI computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customers or 
technological changes. We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future.

Our current competitors include:

• suppliers and licensors of hardware and software for discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated computing solutions, including solutions offered for AI, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or AMD, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., or Huawei, and Intel Corporation, or Intel;

• large cloud services companies with internal teams designing hardware and software that incorporate accelerated or AI computing functionality as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., or Amazon, Baidu, Inc., Huawei, and Microsoft Corporation, or Microsoft;

• suppliers of Arm-based CPUs and companies that incorporate hardware and software for CPUs as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Amazon, Huawei, and Microsoft;

• suppliers of hardware and software for SoC products that are used in servers or embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designing SoC products for their own products and services, such as Tesla, Inc.; and

• networking products consisting of switches, network adapters (including DPUs), and cable solutions (including optical modules) include such as AMD, Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Huawei, Intel, Lumentum Holdings Inc., and Marvell Technology, Inc, as well as internal teams of system vendors and large cloud services companies.

Patents and Proprietary Rights

We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing arrangements to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from March 2026 to June 2045. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used 
in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to 
seek formal protection for innovations and technologies based on such factors as:

• the location in which our products are manufactured;

• our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;

• the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and

• the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.

We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue entering such license agreements.

Government Regulations

Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments.

Over the past three years, we have been subject to a series of shifting and expanding export control restrictions, impacting our ability to serve customers outside the United States.


In August 2022, the U. S. government, or USG, announced export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China’s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impacted exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware, equipment and technology used to develop, produce and manufacture certain chips to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia, and specifically impact our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which 
incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits. In July 2023, the USG also informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East.

In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements for exports to China and Country Groups D:1, D:4, and D:5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S RTX 4090, GB200 NVL72, and B200. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance 
thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China.

In April 2025, the USG informed us that it requires a license for export to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and D:5 countries, or to companies headquartered or with an ultimate parent therein, of our H20 integrated circuits and any other circuits achieving the H20’s memory bandwidth, interconnect bandwidth, or combination thereof. As a result of these requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 for excess inventory and 
purchase obligations, as the demand for H20 products diminished.

In August 2025, the USG granted licenses that would allow us to ship certain H20 products to certain China-based customers. We generated approximately $60 million in H20 revenue under those licenses. USG officials expressed an expectation that the USG will receive 15% or more of the revenue generated from licensed sales of our products, but the USG did not publish a regulation codifying such requirement.

In February 2026, the USG granted a license that would allow us to ship small amounts of H200 products to specific China-based customers. To date, we have not generated any revenue under the H200 licensing program, and do not yet know whether any imports will be allowed into China. The license requires that the H200s go through an inspection process in the United States prior to any shipment to the customer. As a result, any H200 shipped under the new licensing program will be subject to a 25% 
tariff upon importation into the United States.

In the event that we are able to sell licensed products into the China market, we may not be able to pass along all or any of the tariff to our customers, and may be subject to litigation, increased costs, and a harmed competitive position.

The export controls applicable to China are complex and address a variety of parameters, including the total processing performance of a chip, the “performance density” of a chip, the interconnect bandwidth of a chip, and the memory bandwidth of a chip. Under the current rules and geopolitical landscape, we are unable to create and deliver a competitive product for China’s data center market that receives approval from both the USG and the Chinese government. As of the end of fiscal year 2026, 
we were effectively foreclosed from competing in China's data center computing/compute market, and our effective foreclosure from the China market helped our competitors build larger developer and customer ecosystems t

[...FILING TEXT TRUNCATED...]

s granted under our equity incentive plans:

                                                        Year Ended                                                                                                  
                                                        Jan 25, 2026                                          Jan 26, 2025                 Jan 28, 2024             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                                        (In millions, except per share data)                                                                        
  RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs                                                                                                                                  
  Awards granted                                        70                                                    89                           140                      
  Estimated total grant-date fair value                 $                                          9,389      $                 7,834      $                 5,316  
  Weighted average grant-date fair value per share      $                                         133.97      $                 87.99      $                 37.41  
  ESPP                                                                                                                                                              
  Shares purchased                                      13                                                    30                           30                       
  Weighted average price per share                      $                                          49.13      $                 17.74      $                 15.81  
  Weighted average grant-date fair value per share      $                                          20.75      $                  8.61      $                  6.99  

As of January 25, 2026, aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense was $ 14.8 2.3 0.9


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP has been estimated with the following assumptions:

                                                 Year Ended                                                           
                                                 Jan 25, 2026                         Jan 26, 2025      Jan 28, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                                 (Using the Black-Scholes model)                                      
  ESPP                                                                                                                
  Weighted average expected life (in years)      0.1 - 2.0                            0.1 - 2.0         0.1 - 2.0     
  Risk-free interest rate                        3.5%- 4.3%                           3.6%- 5.4%        3.9%- 5.5%    
  Volatility                                     26%- 96%                             31%- 75%          31%- 67%      
  Dividend yield                                 0.03%                                0.03%             0.06%         

For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interest rate assumption used to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the expected term. Our expected stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are not eligible for
cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield.

Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.

Equity Incentive Program

We grant RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards granted under their stock incentive plans and converted them into our RSUs.

Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan

The NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2007 Plan, authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. Only our employees may receive incentive stock options. We grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007 Plan. As of January 25, 2026, up to 192 1.3

Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs vest generally over four years subject to continued service. PSUs vest over four years

Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Employees who participate in the NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2012 Plan, may have up to 25 24 four six months 85 2.2


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Equity Award Activity

The following is a summary of our equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans:

                                                      RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs Outstanding                                                        
                                                      Number of Shares                                  Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share  
                                                      (In millions, except per share data)                                                                
  Balance as of Jan 26, 2025                          274                                                                                         $44.75  
  Granted                                             70                                                                                         $133.97  
  Vested                                              ( 146)                                                                                      $39.14  
  Canceled and forfeited                              ( 9)                                                                                        $59.29  
  Balance as of Jan 25, 2026                          189                                                                                         $81.51  
  Vested and expected to vest after Jan 25, 2026      188                                                                                         $81.15  

As of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, there were 1.3 1.4

The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended January 25, 2026, January 26, 2025, and January 28, 2024, was $ 22.2 15.1 8.2

Note 4 - Net Income Per Share

The following is the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented:

                                                                              Year Ended                                                                                                     
                                                                              Jan 25, 2026                                           Jan 26, 2025                  Jan 28, 2024              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                                                              (In millions, except per share data)                                                                           
  Numerator:                                                                                                                                                                                 
  Net income                                                                  $                                         120,067      $                 72,880      $                 29,760  
  Denominator:                                                                                                                                                                               
  Basic weighted average shares                                                                                          24,359                        24,555                        24,690  
  Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards                                155                                                    249                           250                       
  Diluted weighted average shares                                                                                        24,514                        24,804                        24,940  
  Net income per share:                                                                                                                                                                      
  Basic (1)                                                                   $                                            4.93      $                   2.97      $                   1.21  
  Diluted (2)                                                                 $                                            4.90      $                   2.94      $                   1.19  
  Anti-dilutive equity awards excluded from diluted net income per share      41                                                     51                            150                       

(1) Net income divided by basic weighted average shares.

(2) Net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.

Note 5 - Goodwill

As of January 25, 2026, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $ 20.8 20.5 370 5.2 4.8 370 15.6 no


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 6 - Amortizable Intangible Assets

The components of our amortizable intangible assets are as follows:

                                             Jan 25, 2026                                                  Jan 26, 2025                                  
                                             Gross                         Accumulated       Net           Gross             Accumulated       Net       
                                             Carrying                      Amortization      Carrying      Carrying          Amortization      Carrying  
                                             Amount                                          Amount        Amount                              Amount    
                                             (In millions)                                                                                               
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Acquisition-related intangible assets      $                  5,656      $                 $             $                 $                 $         
  Patents and licensed technology            528                           ( 298)            230           449               ( 278)            171       
  Total intangible assets                    $                  6,184      $                 $             $                 $                 $         

Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 was $ 488 593 614

The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangible assets as of January 25, 2026:

                           Future Amortization Expense             
                           (In millions)                           
  Fiscal Year:                                                     
  2027                     $                                  923  
  2028                     729                                     
  2029                     592                                     
  2030                     511                                     
  2031                     468                                     
  2032 and thereafter      83                                      
  Total                    $                                3,306  


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 7 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

The fair values of our financial assets are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or market prices of similar assets from active markets. We review fair value classification on a quarterly basis. The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities:

                                                           Jan 25, 2026                                                                                                       
                                                           Pricing Category      Cost or Amortized                  Estimated                   Reported as                   
                                                                                 Cost                               Fair Value                                                
                                                                                                                                                Cash Equivalents              
                                                           (In millions)                                                                                                      
  Debt securities issued by the U. S. Treasury             Level 2               $                      21,635      $               21,709      $                     21,709  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Corporate debt securities                                Level 2                                      15,410                      15,499      345                   15,154  
  Debt securities issued by U. S. government agencies      Level 2                                       2,157                       2,161      —                      2,161  
  Certificates of deposit                                  Level 2               110                                110                         110                           
  Foreign government bonds                                 Level 2               40                                 41                          —                             
  Money market funds                                       Level 1                                       7,830                       7,830                                    
  Publicly-held equity securities (1) (2)                  Level 1                                                                  17,726      —                     12,886  
  Total                                                                          $                      47,182      $               65,076      $                     51,951  

(1) In the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, one 10.5

(2) The long-term portion of marketable equity securities, which are subject to lock-up restrictions through December 2027 of $ 4.8

Publicly-held equity securities are subject to market price volatility. Net unrealized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities held at period end were $ 6.6

Net realized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities sold were not significant for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, reflecting the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later.


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

                                                           Jan 26, 2025                                                                                     
                                                           Pricing Category                  Unrealized      Estimated                                      
                                                                                             Loss            Fair Value                                     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                                                           (In millions)                                                                                    
  Corporate debt securities                                Level 2               18,504      $               $               18,526      2,071      16,455  
  Debt securities issued by the U. S. Treasury             Level 2               16,749      ( 22)                           16,769      1,801      14,968  
  Debt securities issued by U. S. government agencies      Level 2                2,775      ( 5)                             2,777                  2,777  
  Foreign government bonds                                 Level 2                           —               177                                            
  Certificates of deposit                                  Level 2                           —               97                                             
  Money market funds                                       Level 1                3,760      —                                3,760      3,760              
  Publicly-held equity securities                          Level 1                                           381                                            
  Total                                                                          42,062      $               $               42,487      7,866      34,621  

The following tables provide the breakdown of unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual debt securities have been in a continuous loss position:

                                                           Jan 25, 2026                                                               Jan 26, 2025                                                 
                                                           Less than 12 Months                                                        Less than 12 Months                                          
                                                           Estimated Fair Value                  Gross Unrealized Loss                Estimated Fair Value                  Gross Unrealized Loss  
                                                           (In millions)                                                                                                                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Debt securities issued by the U. S. Treasury             $                         10,666      $                          ( 3)      $                          6,315      $                      
  Corporate debt securities                                                           1,332      ( 3)                                                            5,291      ( 29)                  
  Debt securities issued by U. S. government agencies                                 1,134      —                                    816                                   ( 5)                   
  Total                                                    $                         13,132      $                          ( 6)      $                         12,422      $                      

Gross unrealized losses related to debt securities in a continuous loss position of twelve months or greater as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025 were not significant. Gross unrealized losses are related to fixed income securities, driven primarily by changes in interest rates.

The estimated fair value of debt securities included in cash equivalents and marketable securities are shown below by contractual maturity.

                          Jan 25, 2026               
                          (In millions)              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Less than one year      $                  20,427  
  Due in 1 - 5 years                         19,093  
  Total                   $                  39,520  

Note 8 - Non-marketable Equity Securities

Our non-marketable equity securities are valued under the measurement alternative applying valuation methods based on observable transactions for similar investments of the same issuer and unobservable inputs such as volatility, expected


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

time to liquidity, risk free rate and security-specific rights and obligations. Gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in Other income, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Adjustments to the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities during fiscal years 2026 and 2025 were as follows:

                                                                Year Ended                                              
                                                                Jan 25, 2026                   Jan 26, 2025             
                                                                (In millions)                                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Balance at beginning of period                                $                   3,387      $                 1,321  
  Adjustments related to non-marketable equity securities:                                                              
  Net additions                                                                    17,444                        1,309  
  Unrealized gains                                                                  2,369      816                      
  Reclassification (1)                                          ( 848)                         —                        
  Impairments and unrealized losses                             ( 101)                         ( 59)                    
  Balance at end of period                                      $                  22,251      $                 3,387  

(1) Represents reclassifications from non-marketable equity securities to marketable securities following public market trading.

Non-marketable equity securities had cumulative gross unrealized gains of $ 2.7 1.1 176 105

Note 9 - Balance Sheet Components

We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, CSPs, AI model makers, and system integrators. Certain direct customers may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. Three direct customers accounted for 25 18 13 17 16

Certain balance sheet components are as follows:

                             Jan 25, 2026                   Jan 26, 2025              
  Inventories:               (In millions)                                            
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Raw materials              $                   3,807      $                  3,408  
  Work in process                                8,822                         3,399  
  Finished goods                                 8,774                         3,273  
  Total inventories (1)      $                  21,403      $                 10,080  

(1) In fiscal years 2026 and 2025, we recorded inventory provisions of $ 4.0 1.6

                                                        Jan 25, 2026                   Jan 26, 2025                  Estimated    
                                                                                                                     Useful Life  
  Property and Equipment:                               (In millions)                                                (In years)   
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Land                                                  $                     777      $                    511      (A)          
  Buildings, leasehold improvements, and furniture                          2,891                         2,076      (B)          
  Equipment, compute hardware, and software                                12,619                         7,568      2 - 7        
  Construction in process                               683                            529                           (C)          
  Total property and equipment, gross                                      16,970                        10,684                   
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization             ( 6,587)                       ( 4,401)                                   
  Total property and equipment, net                     $                  10,383      $                  6,283                   

(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset.


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

(B) The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years

(C) Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use.

Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 was $ 2.4 1.3 894

Accumulated amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $ 519 410

Property, equipment and intangible assets acquired but not paid for during fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 were $ 820 525 170

                                                   Jan 25, 2026                   Jan 26, 2025              
  Accrued and Other Current Liabilities:           (In millions)                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Customer program accruals                        $                   5,318                 $       4,880  
  Accrued purchase consideration                                       3,921                 9              
  Product warranty                                                     2,807                         1,290  
  Excess inventory purchase obligations (1)                            2,739                         2,095  
  Taxes payable                                                        2,669               881              
  Deferred revenue (2)                                                 1,379               837              
  Accrued payroll and related expenses                                 1,146               848              
  Other                                                                1,373               897              
  Total accrued and other current liabilities      $                  21,352                 $      11,737  

(1)In fiscal years 2026 and 2025, we recorded an expense of approximately $ 3.2 2.0

(2)Includes customer advances and unearned revenue related to hardware and software support, cloud services, and license and development arrangements. The balance as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025 included $ 160 81

                                         Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025             
  Other Long-Term Liabilities:           (In millions)                                          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Income tax payable (1)                 $                  3,958      $                 2,188  
  Deferred income tax                                       1,774      886                      
  Deferred revenue (2)                                      1,193      976                      
  Other                                  381                           195                      
  Total other long-term liabilities      $                  7,306      $                 4,245  

(1) Primarily comprised of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties.

(2) Includes unearned revenue related to hardware and software support and cloud services.

Deferred Revenue

The following table shows the changes in short- and long-term deferred revenue during fiscal years 2026 and 2025:

                                      Jan 25, 2026                      Jan 26, 2025             
                                      (In millions)                                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Balance at beginning of period      $                      1,813      $                 1,337  
  Deferred revenue additions (1)                            11,137                        5,083  
  Revenue recognized (2)                                 ( 10,378)      ( 4,607)                 
  Balance at end of period            $                      2,572      $                 1,813  

(1) Includes $ 9.0 3.6

(2) Includes $ 8.9 3.7


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

We recognized revenue of $ 974 729

As of January 25, 2026, revenue related to remaining performance obligations from contracts greater than one year in length was $ 2.3 1.9 390 42 twelve months

Note 10 - Derivative Financial Instruments

Foreign Currency Derivatives

We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. The foreign currency forward contracts for operating expenses are designated as accounting hedges. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings. In fiscal years 2026 and 2025, the impact of foreign currency 
forward contracts designated as accounting hedges on other comprehensive income or loss was not significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective.

We also entered into foreign currency forward contracts mitigating the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities. For our foreign currency contracts for assets and liabilities, the change in fair value of these non-designated contracts was recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which was also recorded in other income or expense.

The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency contracts outstanding:

                                           Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025             
                                           (In millions)                                          
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Designated as accounting hedges          $                  1,765      $                 1,424  
  Not designated as accounting hedges      $                  2,332      $                 1,297  

The unrealized gains and losses or fair value of our foreign currency contracts were not significant as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025.

As of January 25, 2026, all foreign currency contracts mature within 18

Facility Lease Guarantees

In fiscal year 2026, we entered into agreements to guarantee partners’ facility lease obligations in the event of their default in exchange for warrants. The maximum gross exposure under all agreements is $ 3.5 5 7 712


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 11 - Debt

                                                                  Expected          Effective      Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025             
                                                    Remaining Term (years)      Interest Rate                                                             
                                                                                                   (In millions)                                          
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  3.20% Notes Due 2026                                                 0.6              3.31%                         1,000                        1,000  
  1.55% Notes Due 2028                                                 2.4              1.64%                         1,250                        1,250  
  2.85% Notes Due 2030                                                 4.2              2.93%                         1,500                        1,500  
  2.00% Notes Due 2031                                                 5.4              2.09%                         1,250                        1,250  
  3.50% Notes Due 2040                                                14.2              3.54%                         1,000                        1,000  
  3.50% Notes Due 2050                                                24.2              3.54%                         2,000                        2,000  
  3.70% Notes Due 2060                                                34.2              3.73%      500                           500                      
  Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs                                                     ( 32)                         ( 37)                    
  Net carrying amount                                                                                                 8,468                        8,463  
  Less short-term portion                                                                          ( 999)                        —                        
  Total long-term portion                                                                          $                  7,469      $                 8,463  

As of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, the estimated fair value of debt was $ 7.5 7.2

Our notes are unsecured senior obligations. Existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notes pay interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium. The maturity of the notes is calendar year.

As of January 25, 2026, we complied with the required covenants, which are non-financial in nature, under the outstanding notes.

In January 2026, we increased the size of our commercial paper program from $ 575 25.0 no

Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

Manufacturing, supply, and capacity commitments reflect datacenter-scale production and longer future ordering horizons across current and future product architectures. We enter into agreements with our supply vendors that allow them to procure inventory based upon our defined criteria, and in certain instances, these agreements are cancellable, able to be rescheduled, or adjustable for our business needs prior to placing firm orders. Changes to these agreements may result in additional costs. 
As of January 25, 2026, these commitments were $ 95.2

Multi-year cloud service agreement commitments as of January 25, 2026, were $ 27 7 6 5 5 2 2

Investment commitments are $ 11.4

Other commitments were $ 3.4


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities

The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $ 2.8 1.3 The estimated product returns and product warranty activity consisted of the following:

                                      Year Ended                                                                        
                                      Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025                 Jan 28, 2024           
                                      (In millions)                                                                     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Balance at beginning of period      $                  1,290      $                   306      $                  82  
  Additions                                              2,474                        1,203      278                    
  Utilization                         ( 957)                        ( 219)                       ( 54)                  
  Balance at end of period            $                  2,807      $                 1,290      $                 306  

In fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 the additions in product warranty liabilities primarily related to our Compute & Networking segment.

We have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property indemnification provisions in our technology-related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability in our Consolidated Financial Statements for such indemnifications.

Litigation

Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits

The plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation, filed an amended complaint on May 13, 2020. The amended complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, 
by making materially false or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017 and November 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiffs sought class certification, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expert fees, and further relief as the 
Court may deem just and proper. On March 2, 2021, the district court granted NVIDIA’s motion to dismiss the complaint without leave to amend, entered judgment in favor of NVIDIA and closed the case. On March 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an appeal from judgment in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, case number 21-15604. On August 25, 2023, a majority of a three-judge Ninth Circuit panel affirmed in part and reversed in part the district court’s dismissal of the case, with a 
third judge dissenting on the basis that the district court did not err in dismissing the case. On November 15, 2023, the Ninth Circuit denied NVIDIA’s petition for rehearing en banc of the Ninth Circuit panel’s majority decision to reverse in part the dismissal of the case, which NVIDIA had filed on October 10, 2023. On December 5, 2023, the Ninth Circuit granted NVIDIA’s motion to stay the mandate pending NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court of the United States and 
the Supreme Court’s final disposition of the matter. NVIDIA filed a petition for a writ of certiorari on March 4, 2024. On June 17, 2024, the Supreme Court of the United States granted NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of certiorari. After briefing and argument, the Supreme Court dismissed NVIDIA’s writ of certiorari as improvidently granted on December 11, 2024, and issued judgment on January 13, 2025. On February 20, 2025, the Ninth Circuit’s judgment, entered August 25, 2023 and corrected August 
28, 2023, took effect, and the case was remanded to the district court for further proceedings.

The putative derivative lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned 4:19-cv-00341-HSG, initially filed January 18, 2019 and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation, was stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 22, 2022, the court administratively closed the case, but stated that it would reopen the case once the appeal in the 
In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action is resolved. The case has not yet been reopened by the court. The lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of 
cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and other relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures.

The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitz v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-MN) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798-MN), were stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Litigation action. On March 7, 2025, after the Supreme Court issued its judgment dismissing the Company’s petition for writ of certiorari as improvidently granted in the In Re NVIDIA Securities Litigation action, the district court adopted the parties' stipulation to extend the stay until the final and complete resolution of the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for
breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate waste and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance 
measures.

Another putative derivative action was filed on October 30, 2023 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Horanic v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 2023-1096-KSJM). This lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and insider trading based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The 
plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and reform of unspecified corporate governance measures. On August 11, 2025, the court granted the parties’ stipulation to voluntarily dismiss with prejudice plaintiff City of Westland Police and Fire Retirement System. This derivative matter is stayed pending the final resolution of In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action.

Accounting for Loss Contingencies

As of January 25, 2026, there are no accrued contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on our belief that liabilities, while reasonably possible, are not probable. Further, any possible loss or range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of business, as well as regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, and, while there can be no
assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position. These matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and if the ultimate outcome is unfavorable, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our operating results, liquidity or financial position in the period the outcome becomes estimable and probable.

Note 13 - Income Taxes

The FASB issued a new accounting standard which includes new and updated income tax disclosures, including disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid, which we adopted on a prospective basis for the year ending January 25, 2026.

The Income tax expense applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:

                              Year Ended                                                                            
                              Jan 25, 2026                   Jan 26, 2025                  Jan 28, 2024             
                              (In millions)                                                                         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Current income taxes:                                                                                             
  Federal                     $                  19,039      $                 14,032      $                 5,710  
  State                                           1,218      892                           335                      
  Foreign                                         2,550      699                           502                      
  Total current                                  22,807                        15,623                        6,547  
  Deferred income taxes:                                                                                            
  Federal                     ( 1,364)                       ( 4,515)                      ( 2,499)                 
  State                       ( 885)                         ( 242)                        ( 206)                   
  Foreign                     825                            280                           216                      
  Total deferred              ( 1,424)                       ( 4,477)                      ( 2,489)                 
  Income tax expense          $                  21,383      $                 11,146      $                 4,058  


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Income before income tax consists of the following:

                                Year Ended                                                                              
                                Jan 25, 2026                    Jan 26, 2025                  Jan 28, 2024              
                                (In millions)                                                                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  U. S.                         $                  123,181      $                 77,456      $                 29,495  
  Foreign                                           18,269                         6,570                         4,323  
  Income before income tax      $                  141,450      $                 84,026      $                 33,818  

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U. S. federal statutory rate of 21.0

                                                                          Year Ended                                                 
                                                                          Jan 25, 2026                                               
                                                                          (In millions, except percentages)                          
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  US Federal Statutory Tax Rate                                           $                                      29,704        21.0  
  State and Local Income Taxes, Net of Federal Income Tax Effect (1)      258                                                   0.2  
  Foreign tax effects                                                                                                                
  Israel                                                                                                                             
  Reduced statutory tax rate on qualifying income                         ( 3,064)                                           ( 2.2)  
  Other                                                                                                           1,606         1.2  
  Other foreign jurisdictions                                             741                                                   0.5  
  Effect of cross-border tax laws                                                                                                    
  Foreign-derived deduction eligible income                               ( 4,208)                                           ( 3.0)  
  Other                                                                   ( 142)                                             ( 0.1)  
  Tax credits                                                             ( 1,933)                                           ( 1.4)  
  Nontaxable or nondeductible items                                                                                                  
  Stock-based compensation                                                ( 1,475)                                           ( 1.0)  
  Other                                                                   29                                                      —  
  Other (2)                                                               ( 133)                                             ( 0.1)  
  Income tax expense                                                      $                                      21,383        15.1  

(1) State taxes in California, Tennessee, Arizona, and Illinois made up the majority of the tax effect in fiscal year 2026.

(2) Includes the tax effects of enactment of new tax laws, change in valuation allowance, and change in unrecognized tax benefits.


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U. S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before income taxes for fiscal years ended January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024 as follows:

                                                         Year Ended                                                                                          
                                                         Jan 26, 2025                                                   Jan 28, 2024                         
                                                         (In millions, except percentages)                                                                   
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate         $                                      17,645        21.0      $                 7,102        21.0  
  Expense (benefit) resulting from:                                                                                                                          
  State income taxes, net of federal tax effect          554                                                   0.7      120                             0.4  
  Foreign-derived deduction eligible income              ( 2,976)                                           ( 3.5)      ( 1,408)                     ( 4.2)  
  Stock-based compensation                               ( 2,097)                                           ( 2.5)      ( 741)                       ( 2.2)  
  U. S. federal research and development tax credit      ( 990)                                             ( 1.2)      ( 431)                       ( 1.3)  
  Foreign tax rate differential                          ( 984)                                             ( 1.2)      ( 467)                       ( 1.4)  
  Other                                                  ( 6)                                                    —      ( 117)                       ( 0.3)  
  Income tax expense                                     $                                      11,146        13.3      $                 4,058        12.0  

In July 2025, the OBBBA was enacted into law and contains several changes to key U. S. federal income tax laws. We have recognized the tax effects of currently effective OBBBA provisions in our results for fiscal year 2026.

The amount of cash paid for income taxes (net of refunds) for the fiscal year ended January 25, 2026 is as follows:

                                               Year Ended                 
                                               Jan 25, 2026               
                                               (In millions)              
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Federal                                      $                  16,755  
  State                                                                   
  California                                                       1,049  
  Other                                                            1,041  
  Foreign                                                                 
  Israel                                                           1,287  
  Other                                        156                        
  Total income taxes paid, net of refunds      $                  20,288  


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below:

                                                                             Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025              
                                                                            (In millions)                                            
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Deferred tax assets:                                                                                                               
  Capitalized research and development expenditure                                      $       5,436                 $       6,256  
  Net controlled foreign corporation tested income deferred tax assets                          5,389                         2,820  
  Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes                              3,644                         2,058  
  Research and other tax credit carryforwards                                         718                           759              
  Operating lease liabilities                                                         554                           299              
  Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards                                   443                           456              
  Other deferred tax assets                                                           679                           566              
  Gross deferred tax assets                                                                    16,863                        13,214  
  Less valuation allowance                                                         ( 768)                      ( 1,610)              
  Total deferred tax assets                                                                    16,095                        11,604  
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                                                                          
  Equity investments                                                             ( 2,227)                        ( 264)              
  Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries                                    ( 1,813)                        ( 891)              
  Operating lease assets                                                           ( 533)                        ( 286)              
  Acquired intangibles                                                              ( 38)                         ( 70)              
  Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                 ( 4,611)                      ( 1,511)              
  Net deferred tax asset (1)                                                            $      11,484                 $      10,093  

(1) Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $ 13.3 11.0 1.8 886

As of January 25, 2026, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $ 1.4

As of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, we had a valuation allowance of $ 768 1.6

As of January 25, 2026, based on recent jurisdictional taxable income and expected future earnings, we concluded certain state deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable and released $ 711

As of January 25, 2026, we had U. S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $ 747 427 503 56 1.4 1.3 132 902

Our tax attributes remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of tax attributes may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the tax attributes may expire or be denied before utilization.


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

                                                   Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025                 Jan 28, 2024             
                                                   (In millions)                                                                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Balance at beginning of period                   $                  2,861      $                 1,670                 $      1,238  
  Increases in tax positions for current year                         1,959                        1,268               616             
  Increases in tax positions for prior years       57                            48                                     87             
  Lapse in statute of limitations                  ( 224)                        ( 27)                               ( 19)             
  Decreases in tax positions for prior years       ( 157)                        ( 88)                              ( 148)             
  Settlements                                      ( 76)                         ( 10)                              ( 104)             
  Balance at end of period                         $                  4,420      $                 2,861                 $      1,670  

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 25, 2026 are $ 3.7

We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or long-term amount refundable, if we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyond a year.

We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. We recognized net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense line of our consolidated statements of income of $ 103 92 42 374 251

We are subject to examination by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 25, 2026, the significant tax jurisdictions that may be subject to examination include the United States for fiscal years after 2022, as well as Canada, China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, and Taiwan for fiscal years 2014 through 2025. As of January 25, 2026, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include the United States, Germany,
Hong Kong, India, Israel, and Taiwan for fiscal years 2014 through 2025.

Note 14 - Shareholders’ Equity

Capital Return Program

On August 26, 2025, our Board of Directors approved an additional $ 60.0 282 310 40.4 34.0 58.5

From January 26, 2026 through February 20, 2026, we repurchased 8 1.5

In fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $ 974 834 395

Note 15 - Employee Retirement Plans

We provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U. S. and certain other countries. Our contribution expense for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 was $ 442 314 255

Note 16 - Segment Information

Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, and reviews financial information presented on an operating segment basis for purposes of making decisions and assessing financial performance. Our CODM assesses operating performance of each segment based on regularly provided segment revenue and segment operating income. Operating results by segment include costs or expenses directly attributable to each segment, and costs or expenses that are leveraged across our 
unified architecture and therefore allocated between our two


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

CODM reviews expenses on a consolidated basis, and expenses attributable to each segment are not regularly provided to our CODM.

The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing and networking platforms and AI solutions and software, and Automotive platforms and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions including software.

The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, and Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics.

Certain expenses are not allocated to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure and support costs, acquisition-related and other costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.

Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. There are no intersegment transactions. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financial statements. The table below presents details of our reportable segments.

                               Compute & Networking                   Graphics                  Total               
                               (In millions)                                                                        
  Year Ended Jan 25, 2026                                                                                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Revenue                      $                         193,479      $             22,459      $          215,938  
  Other segment items (1)                                 63,338                    13,303                  76,641  
  Operating income             $                         130,141      $              9,156      $          139,297  
  Year Ended Jan 26, 2025                                                                                           
  Revenue                      $                         116,193      $             14,304      $          130,497  
  Other segment items (1)                                 33,318                     9,219                  42,537  
  Operating income             $                          82,875      $              5,085      $           87,960  
  Year Ended Jan 28, 2024                                                                                           
  Revenue                      $                          47,405      $             13,517      $           60,922  
  Other segment items (1)                                 15,389                     7,671                  23,060  
  Operating income             $                          32,016      $              5,846      $           37,862  

(1) Other segment items primarily include product costs and inventory provisions, compensation and benefits excluding stock-based compensation expense, computing infrastructure expenses, and engineering development costs.

Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Compute & Networking segment for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 was $ 1.6 732 457 590 372 307


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

A reconciliation of segment operating income to consolidated income before income tax for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 were as follows:

                                             Year Ended                                                                              
                                             Jan 25, 2026                    Jan 26, 2025                  Jan 28, 2024              
                                             (In millions)                                                                           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Segment operating income                   $                  139,297      $                 87,960      $                 37,862  
  Stock-based compensation expense           ( 6,386)                        ( 4,737)                      ( 3,549)                  
  Unallocated operating expenses             ( 1,997)                        ( 1,171)                      ( 728)                    
  Acquisition-related and other costs        ( 527)                          ( 599)                        ( 613)                    
  Interest income                                                 2,300                         1,786      866                       
  Interest expense                           ( 259)                          ( 247)                        ( 257)                    
  Other income, net                                               9,022                         1,034      237                       
  Consolidated income before income tax      $                  141,450      $                 84,026      $                 33,818  

Revenue by geographic area is based upon the location of the customers’ headquarters. The end customer and shipping location may be different from our customers' headquarters location.

                                                                         Year Ended                                                                               
                                                                         Jan 25, 2026                    Jan 26, 2025                   Jan 28, 2024              
  Geographic Revenue based upon Customer Headquarters Location (1):      (In millions)                                                                            
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  United States                                                          $                  149,617      $                  77,482      $                 31,533  
  Taiwan (2)                                                                                 42,345                         23,600                        14,912  
  China (including Hong Kong)                                                                19,677                         25,048                        12,330  
  Other                                                                                       4,299                          4,367                         2,147  
  Total revenue                                                          $                  215,938      $                 130,497      $                 60,922  

(1) In the third quarter of fiscal year 2026, we changed to revenue based upon the location of our customers’ headquarters as we believe it provides a better representation of the geographic profile of our revenue. Prior period information has been recast to reflect this change.

(2) In fiscal year 2026, we estimate 76

Revenue from sales to customers headquartered outside of the United States accounted for 31 41 48

We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, CSPs, AI model makers, and system integrators. Certain direct customers may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We refer to indirect customers as those who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, Neocloud builders, AI model makers, enterprises, and public sector entities. Our 
revenue is concentrated among a limited number of direct and indirect customers and this trend may continue.

Direct Customers - For fiscal year 2026, sales to one direct customer represented 22 14

For fiscal year 2025, sales to one direct customer represented 12 11

For fiscal year 2024, sales to one direct customer represented 13


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The following table summarizes revenue by specialized markets:

                                  Year Ended                                                                               
                                  Jan 25, 2026                    Jan 26, 2025                   Jan 28, 2024              
  Revenue by End Market:          (In millions)                                                                            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Data Center                     $                  193,737      $                 115,186      $                 47,525  
  Compute                                            162,361                        102,196                        38,950  
  Networking                                          31,376                         12,990                         8,575  
  Gaming                                              16,042                         11,350                        10,447  
  Professional Visualization                           3,191                          1,878                         1,553  
  Automotive                                           2,349                          1,694                         1,091  
  OEM and Other                   619                             389                            306                       
  Total revenue                   $                  215,938      $                 130,497      $                 60,922  

The following table presents summarized information for long-lived assets by country. Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and exclude other assets, operating lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets.

                               Jan 25, 2026                   Jan 26, 2025             
  Long-lived assets:           (In millions)                                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  United States                $                   5,125      $                 3,626  
  Taiwan                                           3,219                        1,481  
  Israel                                           1,471      840                      
  Other                        568                            336                      
  Total long-lived assets      $                  10,383      $                 6,283  

Note 17 - Leases

Our lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our offices and data centers, with lease periods expiring between fiscal years 2027 and 2041.

Future minimum lease obligations under our non-cancelable lease agreements as of January 25, 2026 were as follows:

                                                          Operating Lease Obligations             
                                                          (In millions)                           
  Fiscal Year:                                                                                    
  2027                                                    $                                  493  
  2028                                                    485                                     
  2029                                                    457                                     
  2030                                                    381                                     
  2031                                                    314                                     
  2032 and thereafter                                                                      1,494  
  Total                                                                                    3,624  
  Less imputed interest                                   680                                     
  Present value of net future minimum lease payments                                       2,944  
  Less short-term operating lease liabilities             372                                     
  Long-term operating lease liabilities                   $                                2,572  

Between fiscal years 2027 and 2030, we expect to commence leases with future obligations of $ 22.7 1.8 20


NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Operating lease costs for fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024 were $ 462 356 269

Other information related to leases was as follows:

                                                                         Year Ended                                                                      
                                                                         Jan 25, 2026                  Jan 26, 2025               Jan 28, 2024           
                                                                         (In millions)                                                                   
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Supplemental cash flows information                                                                                                                    
  Operating cash flow used for operating leases                          $                    428      $                 313      $                 286  
  Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations      $                  1,439      $                 877      $                 531  

As of January 25, 2026, our operating leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of 8.8 4.38 6.5 4.16

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

  Description                                    Balance at                                                    
                                        Beginning of Period                                                    
                                              (In millions)                                                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Fiscal year 2026                                                                                             
  Allowance for doubtful accounts                        $4      —        (1)      —           (1)          4  
  Sales return allowance                                $82      188      (2)      ( 100)      (4)        170  
  Deferred tax valuation allowance                   $1,610      31       (3)      ( 873)      (3)        768  
  Fiscal year 2025                                                                                             
  Allowance for doubtful accounts                        $4      —        (1)      —           (1)          4  
  Sales return allowance                               $109      151      (2)      ( 178)      (4)         82  
  Deferred tax valuation allowance                   $1,552      58       (3)      —           (3)      1,610  
  Fiscal year 2024                                                                                             
  Allowance for doubtful accounts                        $4      —        (1)      —           (1)          4  
  Sales return allowance                                $26      213      (2)      ( 130)      (4)        109  
  Deferred tax valuation allowance                   $1,484      162      (3)      ( 94)       (3)      1,552  

(1) Additions represent either expense or acquired balances and deductions represent write-offs.

(2) Additions represent estimated product returns charged as a reduction to revenue or an acquired balance.

(3) Additional valuation allowance on deferred tax assets not likely to be realized. Additions represent additional valuation allowance on certain state and other deferred tax assets. Deductions mainly represent the release of valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

(4) Represents sales returns.

Exhibit Index

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Incorporated by Reference                                                 
  Exhibit No.      Exhibit Description                                                                                                                                                                   Schedule/Form                                   Exhibit      Filing Date  
  3.1              Restated Certificate of Incorporation                                                                                                                                                 10-K                                                3.1      3/18/2022    
  3.2              Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA Corporation                                                                                                              8-K                                                 3.1      6/6/2022     
  3.3              Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA Corporation                                                                                                              8-K                                                 3.1      6/7/2024     
  3.4              Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as of March 12, 2024                                                                                                               8-K                                                 3.1      3/14/2024    
  4.1              Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  4.2              Specimen Stock Certificate                                                                                                                                                            S-1/A                                               4.2      4/24/1998    
  4.3              Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N. A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee      8-K                                                 4.1      9/16/2016    
  4.4              Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016                                                                                                                                 8-K                                                 4.2      9/16/2016    
  4.5              Form of 2026 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex B-1 to Exhibit 4.2      9/16/2016    
  4.6              Description of Securities                                                                                                                                                             10-K                                                4.6      2/26/2025    
  4.7              Officers’ Certificate, dated as of March 31, 2020                                                                                                                                     8-K                                                 4.2      3/31/2020    
  4.8              Form of 2030 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex A-1 to Exhibit 4.2      3/31/2020    
  4.9              Form of 2040 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex B-1 to Exhibit 4.2      3/31/2020    
  4.10             Form of 2050 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex C-1 to Exhibit 4.2      3/31/2020    
  4.11             Form of 2060 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex D-1 to Exhibit 4.2      3/31/2020    
  4.12             Officers' Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021                                                                                                                                      8-K                                                 4.2      6/16/2021    
  4.13             Form of 2028 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex C-1 to Exhibit 4.2      6/16/2021    
  4.14             Form of 2031 Note                                                                                                                                                                     8-K                            Annex D-1 to Exhibit 4.2      6/16/2021    
  10.1             Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation and each of its directors and officers                                                                                         8-K                                                10.1      3/7/2006     
  10.2+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan                                                                                                                                       10-Q                                               10.1      8/28/2024    
  10.3+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)               10-K                                              10.26      3/12/2015    
  10.4+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016)                                 10-K                                              10.27      3/12/2015    
  10.5+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019)            8-K                                                10.1      3/11/2019    
  10.6+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021)                                         10-Q                                               10.2      5/26/2021    
  10.7+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022)                                         10-K                                              10.16      3/18/2022    
  10.8+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2023)                                         10-K                                              10.14      2/24/2023    
  10.9+            Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2024) (version 1)                             10-Q                                               10.2      5/29/2024    

  10.10+         Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2024)                   10-Q       10.3      5/29/2024   
  10.11+         Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2024) (version 2)                                    10-Q       10.1      11/20/2024  
  10.12+         Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2025)                                                10-K      10.13      2/26/2025   
  10.13+         Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2025)                   10-K      10.14      2/26/2025   
  10.14+         Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2025)                      10-Q       10.1      8/27/2025   
  10.15+         Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2025)                                        10-Q       10.2      8/27/2025   
  10.16+         Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan                                                                                                                                       10-K      10.15      2/26/2025   
  10.17+         Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2025                                                                                                                                                8-K        10.1      3/14/2024   
  10.18+         Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2026                                                                                                                                                8-K        10.1      3/7/2025    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  19.1*          NVIDIA Corporation Insider Trading Policy                                                                                                                                                                                     
  21.1*          Subsidiaries of Registrant                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  23.1*          Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP                                                                                                                                                                                         
  24.1*          Power of Attorney (included in signature page)                                                                                                                                                                                
  31.1*          Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                                                                                                 
  31.2*          Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                                                                                                 
  32.1#*         Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                                                                                                 
  32.2#*         Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                                                                                                 
  97.1+          Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended and restated November 30, 2023                                                                                                                      10-K       97.1      2/21/2024   
  101. INS*      XBRL Instance Document                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  101. SCH*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document                                                                                                                                                                                       
  101. CAL*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document                                                                                                                                                                         
  101. DEF*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document                                                                                                                                                                          
  101. LAB*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document                                                                                                                                                                              
  101. PRE*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document                                                                                                                                                                        
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                                       

* Filed herewith.

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

# In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated 
by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.

^ Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5).

Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:

Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

Not Applicable.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 25, 2026.

  NVIDIA Corporation                                             
  By:                     /s/ Jen-Hsun Huang                     
                          Jen-Hsun Huang                         
                          President and Chief Executive Officer  

Power of Attorney

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang and Colette M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-facts and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

  Signature                  Title                                                     Date               
  /s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG         President, Chief Executive Officer and Director           February 25, 2026  
                             (Principal Executive Officer)                                                
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Jen-Hsun Huang                                                                                          
  /s/ COLETTE M. KRESS       Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer      February 25, 2026  
  Colette M. Kress                                                                                        
  /s/ DONALD ROBERTSON       Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer               February 25, 2026  
  Donald Robertson                                                                                        
  /s/ TENCH COXE             Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Tench Coxe                                                                                              
  /s/ JOHN O. DABIRI         Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  John O. Dabiri                                                                                          
  /s/ DAWN HUDSON            Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Dawn Hudson                                                                                             
  /s/ HARVEY C. JONES        Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Harvey C. Jones                                                                                         
  /s/ MELISSA B. LORA        Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Melissa B. Lora                                                                                         
  /s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL        Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Stephen C. Neal                                                                                         
  /s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL      Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  A. Brooke Seawell                                                                                       
  /s/ AARTI SHAH             Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Aarti Shah                                                                                              
  /s/ MARK A. STEVENS        Director                                                  February 25, 2026  
  Mark A. Stevens
